# Theria — 2025-12

*PBP transcript archived by PathWarsNudge bot.*

---

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-12-01 22:52:49):
"The only real difference is the magic and the extra hooves." Berekit laughs.  "So this message we are to deliver are we done.  Was it the captain or someone else we have to find?"

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-12-03 21:18:35):
The waitress returns with a pitcher of ale and places it in the middle of the table. She is holding four sizable mugs in her other hand and starts to set them out, but stops short at Ali, seeming a bit stunned to see a semi-translucent person in front of her. However, she still manages to stay professional. "If you would rather not have one, just let me know, and I will clear it." She says as she sets a mug down in front of Ali. 

"Can I interest any of you in some stew? The base was made fresh this morning, and I'm pretty sure the chef added an extra rabbit." She gives a gentle laugh before continuing, "The side of bread just came out the oven." As she says this, you all can't help but smell the scent of a fresh baked loaf.

**Jeremy Babayaga | #1 Svir** (2025-12-04 07:51:42):
Ali spends a few moments ghostifying the mug and says "I appreciate the kindness there's just an extra step or two for me to enjoy it but I think ill pass on the food"

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-12-04 21:38:29):
Thank you miss.  I will take a bowl.  Is there any gossip in town we should be aware of?

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-12-05 16:44:57):
She looks over towards Berekit, "I am not sure if the word 'rumor' is appropriate, but the college seems to be going through all sorts." She shifts her stance a bit to lean in a bit closer, "The city guard were running all about yesterday, supposedly at the directions of the college. Today, they are being told to stay away." She gives the table an unnecessary wipe with a cloth and stands back up. 

"Anyways, I'll be back with that stew!" She smiles and begins to head towards the kitchen.

**Jeremy Babayaga | #1 Svir** (2025-12-06 01:47:47):
Ali looks at the rest of you and whispers "sounds like something worth checking out no?"

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2025-12-16 19:48:51):
"That it does, but perhaps tomorrow, eh? I'd love some stew and brew before I go fighting more evil crypts and wicked sorcery"

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-12-16 19:57:55):
It doesn't take too long for the elf to return with a tray with two bowls of stew and a small basket of bread. She places a bowl in front of Berekit and Heron. 

The stew is fragrant with herbs and other seasonings, chunks of vegetables and meat still on the bone are visible. It looks like some grain is floating about as well, ensuring it's heartiness. 

The bread has steam rising off of it, with crystals of salt, as well as some rosemary leaves, embedded within the crust. 

"I hope you enjoy. Is there anything else I can get you?" She asks.

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2025-12-16 20:00:30):
"Ah, only a couple questions and we'll be sorted out I think."

"In the last week or so, did you have any strange feelings? Any strange lapses in your memory? Time missing?"

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-12-16 20:08:28):
She gives you a confused look. "Uh... No, I don't think so." She tilts her head to the side a bit. "Is this something that is happening to people?"

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2025-12-16 20:10:23):
"Uhhhhh, lets say no. When we walked in, specifically my half corporeal friend, and my hoofed friend walked in, did you have any instinctive feelings about them? Like they don't belong?"

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-12-16 20:39:13):
"Well, I will say that I have never seen a centaur in my life, nor whatever they are," she indicates Ali, "we do get lots of strange individuals in our city, so I try my best to not stare."

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2025-12-16 20:44:55):
"Right, thank you lass. Try to rack your head tonight, see if you're missing any times, any strange moments   that doesn't quite make true"

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-12-16 22:17:10):
"Well, there is one question I have, it depends on any bardic stories you might have heard here.  Have you heard of a tale in which the gods warred with themselves to imprison one of their own number? This relates to some ancient grafitti we saw in an abandoned temple, so was seeing if we could find anything to say that was more than a mad man's scratching."

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-12-16 23:20:02):
She began to walk away, slightly cautiously, before Berekit spoke up and stopped her. She stands there and thinks really hard about it. "You know, I honestly don't think I have heard of any story like that. As far as I know, the siblings have always gotten along with one another."

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-12-17 13:40:54):
"Thank you as well"  Berekit waits until she has moved away from the table before dropping to a lower voice.  "So there is nothing in common song or story that supports the world we knew before.  Perhaps the library may have rarer tomes or even a restricted portion that may contain some answers.  Otherwise, is there any real reason to fight this change?"

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2025-12-17 14:30:15):
"I came to the island because my mother was sick. I needed coin for the medicine she needed to get better. I don't know what she's like now, in this world. I don't even know if she's still sick." Heron eats his stew between sentences, weighing the thoughts heavy on his head.

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-12-29 22:47:58):
After a bit more discussion, you all find a local inn to call it a day. In the morning, you are greeted by the sounds of birds tweeting outside your windows. It takes a few moments, but the tweeting starts to sound less like random chirps and more like words. 

"Come. Follow."

You all peer closer, to ensure you are hearing what you hear, and indeed the birds are looking at you, speaking the common tongue.

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-12-30 04:32:17):
Waking up the next morning he heads out of his stall and stops to listen to the wind like his mother always taught him to.  However it was not the wind talking to him but the birds.  He cocks his head and paws the ground for a moment and looks back to those gathered at windows or coming outside.  "I think with the way things have been occurring to us that it would be stupid not to follow."  He heads back into his stall to gather his travel pack, quivers and bow and then heads out, waiting long enough for the rest of them to follow.  To the birds.  "Alright, but where are you leading us?"

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2025-12-30 11:23:55):
Heron, eyes still groggy and head still in his bed just follows his half centaurian friend

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-12-30 20:51:54):
The birds seem to only respond with either "Come" or "Follow" as they flutter down the streets, stopping on branches, posts, and ledges to allow your group to catch up. 

It doesn't take long for you all to realize that they are leading you toward the college. As you approach closer, you notice that there appear to be fewer and fewer people around.

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-12-30 21:48:06):
Berekit looks towards the college as the others also follow.  "Well, I did want to visit there.  I would hope they have supplies for scribing some spells into my book.  I wonder who sent the birds to direct us there?"

