# Theria — 2025-10

*PBP transcript archived by PathWarsNudge bot.*

---

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-10-06 17:48:23):
—START POST—
Current Party: @Ravnos1 @Syver23 @Mossssssssssssssssssssssssss @Askarans 

The morning fog rolls over the boat your party is on. Thick as soup, it is a miracle that the ship's captain can navigate through it at all. You are all currently on the deck of the vessel, being called to hear the final briefing before the operation.

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-10-06 17:49:20):
*[image]* Warpriest Valerius Kael leads this briefing.

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-10-06 18:48:01):
"Fall in! I will only be saying this once!" He shouts. "In a few moments, we will be on the shore of the Isle of Nith." He scans the group. "Many of you are volunteers on this mission, and I personally find that to be a bad idea." His eyes seem to rest on Waldemar, his prejudice apparent. 
"But the church did not have enough warriors in the area to call upon on such short notice, so we will make do with what we have." He begins to pace slowly in front of the group. "There are not many details I can give you. For those of you unfamiliar with the history of our land, Nith M'aera was a terrible beast that rampaged across the region until our Lord Cumeyr put the creature down right here." He continues his explanation, "According to the intel the church has received, cultists are currently attempting to resurrect Nith M'aera through some sick ritual. They are supposedly located within a cave system somewhere on this island." He stops his pacing. "The island is small, so finding this cave will hopefully not take long. We do not have a count on the number of cultists, nor do we have details regarding the ritual being performed. Now that you know as much as I do, we will be splitting into ten parties of five, each led by one of my lieutenants." He starts to assign groups, and you four end up in the same group.
"Stay on your guard, and if you find anything, send word immediately. Each lieutenant has a Messenger Bird token that will deliver any communication directly to me. You are all dismissed!"

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-10-06 18:50:23):
*[image]* As the groups separate, a young priest walks up to your group and introduces himself as Brother Elias.

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-10-06 18:53:35):
"I will be the lieutenant leading your party. I hail from the noble house Valor. Shall we get to know each other briefly before finding these heathens?" He chuckles a bit at his own choice of words.
—END POST—

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2025-10-06 19:02:20):
A low voice breaks the short silence. "Perhaps you could lead by example, Brother Elias of Noble House Valor." A bit of cheek perhaps, from the blond haired man with a scar across his cheekbone, dressed in a white and blue robe that covers the dull clunk of his ceramic armour.

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-10-06 22:29:43):
Elias flicks back his hair and gives off a smile before addressing the group. "As the third son of my house, I was placed within the church of The Seven to bring honor and glory to my family." He stares off into the fog for a brief moment before continuing his story. "And although I praise all of the Gods for their grace and abundance, I have dedicated myself to following in the footsteps of the Divine Twins." He indicates a symbol of a burning sun being hugged by a crescent moon. 
"You have my word that I will ensure your safety above all else." He places a hand on the shoulder of Heron while scanning his gaze across the group.

**Askaran Ottergryph | #1 Haku | #4 Scrit** (2025-10-06 22:50:56):
Waldemar, a somewhat tall, sturdy looking man with a trimmed beard that goes all across his jawline and slightly pointed ears, turns towards Elias. 
"I'm just Elias, a Novelle Night watch."
His voice is deep and rough.

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2025-10-06 22:57:10):
With a subtle turn he twists and the hand falls off his shoulder. The blonde man speaks "I'm Heron. A priests aide, though I do well in a scrap." An even, practiced response.

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-10-07 00:51:00):
To the rear of this squad stands a lean but tall dark skinned man, wearing a simple grey thobe and dark brown vest.  Peak above the pile of dreads at the top of head is a two tone bow stave.  "Greetings, My name is Bereket Sisay.  Before joining this mission I was a Sagitari from the School of the tempest and competed in the Arena in Cumeyr's Rest.  These cultist who are stupid enough to attempt to resurrect Nith M'aera deserve the swift vengeance of Buros before they bring undo harm to the world."

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-10-07 04:41:07):
Mostly speaking to Waldemar, Heron, and Ali "Guess you are not a talkative bunch... That's okay, no shame in wanting to skip the formalities for a cut and run job." He does give a friendly nod towards Bereket.

He then begins to lay out the route the party will take across the island. They will head up towards the northern side of the island before cutting across towards the other side. He discusses a couple of formations in case you all run into any trouble, and does a quick run through all of your inventory. 
He requisitions a Potion of Healing for each member, as well as 5gp worth of other common gear or tools.

The ship slows as the shore starts to become visible through the fog. The Isle of Nith, from your current vantage point appears to be about a half a mile of shore, and then a dense treeline. A 'peak', by name alone, juts up above the forested area by only a hundred feet or so. Anchors are dropped shortly after, and the various teams are placed upon some row boats to take them the rest of the way. 

On the island, Elias leads the party along the planned route, heading north along the shore for quite a ways. There were about three other parties that followed with you at first, but at various points they broke off to head into the forested region of the island. Eventually, Elias stops, the northern short barely in sight.

"Okay, just as we discussed. We will enter in, creating a search pattern. I will be on the inner most edge, and then the next will go further out towards the shore there, followed by the next. At any given time, you should be able to see the person on your left and right, but the others should only be within shouting distance." He gives a reassuring smile. "Keep your eye and ears sharp. If you find this entrance, I'll put a good word in to the chaplain at the church, see if they can give you a bonus."

((If there was anything you wanted to say or do between all of this, please put that language in some sort of brackets, and we can resolve that there. Otherwise you will all be making your way through the forest and I would like the following: 
1-Perception check
2-Perception or Nature check
3-Nature or Survival check. 

If you have an applicable lore that you would like to use instead, such as forest lore or hunting lore, etc. you may use that instead.))

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2025-10-07 09:47:26):
*[image]*

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2025-10-07 09:47:43):
(A bit vague but I assume you one each of them from all of us?)

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-10-07 13:50:04):
*[image]* most have sand in my eyes the first time

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-10-07 17:32:33):
About forty minutes in, Heron sees a figure in the distance run off deeper into the forest, but loses sight of them due to all the tree coverage. Informing Elias of his spotting, Elias reduces the search area.

Shortly after, Bekeret notices a barely noticeable trail. The ground along the path is hardened from use and various branches and forestry shows damage. The group will follows the trail (I will permit this to be an appropriate time for weapons to be drawn at the ready), and eventually Bereket notices distinct footprints on the ground leading to an outcropping hidden within the coverage of the nearby foilage. 

There is a sizable hole in this rock formation, leading underground. Elias looks elated, "I honestly didn't think we'd be the ones to stumble across it." He says this in a hushed tone. He pulls out a small trinket in the shape of an owl and stares at it for a few moments before putting it away. 

"We should make sure this is the right place," he whispers, "don't want to bring the entire search party to an empty hole."

**Askaran Ottergryph | #1 Haku | #4 Scrit** (2025-10-07 17:43:36):
*[image]*

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2025-10-07 18:25:59):
A whisper in a voice more serious than before. "Anyone see well in the dark? I didn't bring my torch with me"

**Askaran Ottergryph | #1 Haku | #4 Scrit** (2025-10-07 18:31:36):
Waldemar chimes in. "I can see fairly well if there's little light."

**Jeremy Babayaga | #1 Svir** (2025-10-07 18:36:20):
Ali finally pipes up i have a torch

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2025-10-07 18:37:55):
With a slight jump, Heron responds "Oh! I forgot you were with us. Do you wanna go ahead so? I'll watch your back"

**Jeremy Babayaga | #1 Svir** (2025-10-07 18:38:27):
*[image]*

**Jeremy Babayaga | #1 Svir** (2025-10-07 18:39:01):
I tend to not prefer the front to easy to be seen

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-10-07 18:42:07):
Breathes out through his nose slowly before replying.  "I see as well as most men.  However we were provided with discretionary funds for additionsl equipment.  We nee the cultists were hiding in a cave.  Did you expect that they would have magical lighting inside?"  Berekit agains takes a calming breathe.  "I also have few torches if someone wants to use them.  My hands will normally be full using my bow."

**Jeremy Babayaga | #1 Svir** (2025-10-07 18:43:22):
My hands will be full as well with my fans

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2025-10-07 18:44:26):
Heron will put a hand out for a torch. "Alright, alright, no need to be snarky. Never been in caves before. I don't know how'd they keep things lit." 
He shakes his head a bit and adjusts his shield to it's place. Ready to lead the way.

**Jeremy Babayaga | #1 Svir** (2025-10-07 18:54:07):
Ali will pass you one

**Jeremy Babayaga | #1 Svir** (2025-10-07 18:54:32):
(Do we post charter character art here it's my first pbp)

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2025-10-07 18:57:00):
Heron will raise his shield, hold out the torch, and move on forward into the dark

**Jeremy Babayaga | #1 Svir** (2025-10-07 18:58:35):
Ali draws both her fans and prepares just in case

**Askaran Ottergryph | #1 Haku | #4 Scrit** (2025-10-07 19:00:39):
Waldemar will draw his Maul and turns towards Ali. "Uhm. How does blowing wind in their face help in a fight?"

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2025-10-07 19:01:36):
Heron will chuckle quietly. "Someone's never fought upwind"

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-10-07 19:29:14):
Bereket:  "Then I am glad to jave enlightened you."  He checks the string on his bow and m9ves quietly to the rear.

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2025-10-07 19:29:46):
Heron stops in his tracks. Looks at the torch. "En*light*ened? Really?" he shakes his head and continues

**Jeremy Babayaga | #1 Svir** (2025-10-07 19:52:08):
These particular fans aren't ment for moving wind my muscle bound friend. she taps them together lightly and you hear metal clink. There for cutting up those that mistake them for harmless

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-10-07 21:28:52):
—START POST—
Both Ali and Waldemar also noticed the figure run off into the trees with those first perception checks. Although it appears that Bereket remains the only individual to see the trail and footprints.

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-10-07 21:35:30):
Elias gives a short prayer, and a glowing orb of light hovers near him. He winks at the group before saying, "Allow me," as he volunteers to climb into the hole first. He climbs down what appears to be about fifteen feet and then hops down another two or so off the rocky wall. 

Glancing around and then back up, he signals the rest that it is clear.

((Please give me an Athletics check to climb down the wall, Elias will attempt to cushion any falls that may occur))
—END POST—

**Jeremy Babayaga | #1 Svir** (2025-10-07 21:38:46):
(Can I use acrobatics?)

**Jeremy Babayaga | #1 Svir** (2025-10-07 21:39:15):
(If it's a hole can I basically reverse wall hop?)

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-10-07 21:41:26):
((There's a feat that allows wall hopping, and I believe it is Athletics as well. Sadly, Acrobatics is primarily used for balancing acts or flight. I will allow you to fall gracefully if you'd like, but no guarantee that you take no damage))

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2025-10-07 21:41:48):
*[image]* With a sigh, Heron extinguishes his torch, and hops down as well. He puts the torch through a belt loop and pulls out his long curved tool.

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2025-10-07 21:42:25):
"now that's proper enlightenment" he gruffles as he collects himself down at the bottom of the drop.

**Askaran Ottergryph | #1 Haku | #4 Scrit** (2025-10-07 21:43:43):
*[image]* Waldemar stows his Maul back to his back and then follows after, climbing down the wall.

**Jeremy Babayaga | #1 Svir** (2025-10-07 21:43:44):
(How far is the drop?)

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-10-07 21:45:02):
Berekit shifys his bow. "I have rope and climbing tools"

**Jeremy Babayaga | #1 Svir** (2025-10-07 21:45:14):
((Falling (hopefully) gracefully))

**Jeremy Babayaga | #1 Svir** (2025-10-07 21:46:27):
*[image]*

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-10-07 21:50:58):
Bereket seeing as they others did not wait resets his pack and xlimbs down the simple hole.

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2025-10-07 21:53:07):
"Wait wait, Bereket. That rope might be useful should we need to make a hasty retreat" Heron stage whispers to the top, seeing the archer putting his pack away

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-10-07 21:56:31):
After he climbed down.  "I also have a grapple it will not be hard to set the rope back on our return.  Plus we may need to do more climbing further in."

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2025-10-07 21:57:48):
Heron nods and steels his face towards the rest of the tunnel, shield high he waits for Brother Elias to give the go ahead.

**Jeremy Babayaga | #1 Svir** (2025-10-07 21:58:20):
(Any fall damage)

**Jeremy Babayaga | #1 Svir** (2025-10-07 21:59:09):
Ali simply steps off the ledge and twirls her way down

**Jeremy Babayaga | #1 Svir** (2025-10-07 22:07:20):
So were all down here any ideas how bad it may get

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-10-07 23:27:35):
--START POST--
All of you make it down safely, though Ali had to use Elias as a landing pad to prevent significant harm. Elias' face looking a little flushed from the incident.

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-10-07 23:41:15):
Dusting himself off Elias readies his shield. The tunnel ahead is dark, but at the very end of it appears to be a flicker of light. He begins to lead the group deeper into the rough tunnel. 

About 40 feet away from the hole you all entered, the floor suddenly gives way beneath Elias' foot and he falls forward. His arm reaches out aimlessly at the other side of the pit that has appeared in the ground, only grabbing enough leverage to have him twirl about in his fall. Moments later, an audible, but brief screech of metal against metal is heard along with squelching noise that won't easily be forgotten. 

Looking into the pit, Elias is dead. His body pierced by jagged spears jutting out of the bottom of a 25 foot drop. His eyes stare lifelessly at the ceiling, his glowing orb reflects off the small pool of blood forming beneath him.

((What would you like to do?))
--END POST--

**Jeremy Babayaga | #1 Svir** (2025-10-07 23:56:50):
Well thats a gruesome way to go is anyone here skilled in trap finding

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-10-08 00:03:38):
Berekit:  "I would say the lieutenant was an excellent trap finder.  We probably should retrieve his body or effects.  He had the message bird.  If we can make it work we can notify the commander."

**Jeremy Babayaga | #1 Svir** (2025-10-08 00:05:58):
You still got that rope pretty boy

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-10-08 00:21:48):
Berekit "I do.  Keep an eye and ear out in  case the cultist heard anything and came to inveatigate."  He moves back and leans his bow and quivers on a wall.  Then he looks for a spot to anchor the rope befor pulling out his climbing kit to go retrieve the Lt's effects.

**Jeremy Babayaga | #1 Svir** (2025-10-08 00:35:25):
(I'd like to stealth dm is that ok

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-10-08 00:58:31):
((Yes))

**Jeremy Babayaga | #1 Svir** (2025-10-08 01:55:04):
*[image]*

**Jeremy Babayaga | #1 Svir** (2025-10-08 01:57:02):
(I wanna make sure I see anyone before they see me)

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-10-08 04:57:37):
On Elias' body, you find a small satchel with various items inside. Most are too damaged to be of use, but there is a small figurine of an Owl, a vial of Antivenom (labeled as such), and a leather wrapping is a drawn image of a woman inside. 

His armor is too damaged to make use of, but his +1 longspear and a steel shield survived the fall. 

The damaged contents appears to consist of a broken vial of healing, a soaked and partially shredded scroll, and a note which is now unreadable.

Vuulla must be on your party's side, as no one came to investigate the noise.

The pit spans about seven feet, with narrow ledges on either side.

**Jeremy Babayaga | #1 Svir** (2025-10-08 05:11:27):
I peer over the edge and say it's time to get moving i dont know how long our luck will hold

**Askaran Ottergryph | #1 Haku | #4 Scrit** (2025-10-08 05:36:01):
Waldemar stands there, resting the head of his maul to the ground, closes his eyes and speaks a short prayer  to respect Elias's death.

**Askaran Ottergryph | #1 Haku | #4 Scrit** (2025-10-08 05:56:16):
"I want to go down and get some of the stuff. His family at least needs a memorial."

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2025-10-08 11:07:47):
Heron takes out his torch again and lights it. "Some enlightenment that was. I agree Waldemar. Berekit do you have enough rope to pull his body out? we can bring it back to shore later." 

Heron will volunteer to climb down and grab stuff, or stay up and help pull things up.

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-10-08 13:38:58):
Berekit:  "We can try though I do not know if the spikes he is on is poisoned.  I Believe that we may want to retrieve him after the mission is completed.  Its not likely he will be going anywhere soon."

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2025-10-08 16:34:12):
Heron looks at berekit with a renewed respect in his face, probably to do with the warmer torchlight lighting it. 
"That's a good shout, but we still need to get his messenger bird and potions if he has them."

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-10-08 17:04:13):
As you all took great care, you were able to successfully retrieve the items listed above without harm and with minimal noise. Removing Elias from the spikes and pit would take considerable effort, especially if trying to do so with only one person in the pit while keeping quiet and avoiding the spears.

((Attempting to cross the pit will require an Athletics check to jump across the 7 foot gap, or an Acrobatics check to maintain balance on the narrow edges of the pit. Other creative solutions are welcome.))

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2025-10-08 17:15:39):
*[image]* "Pass me some of that rope Berekit. I'll jump across and hold it taut while the rest of you cross" Heron says, putting his shield down and rubbing his hands together in preparation

**Jeremy Babayaga | #1 Svir** (2025-10-08 17:39:23):
I agree him moving anytime soon is highly unlikely he looks a little pinned in place for now. Hey Herron if you could while you lr down there get him off those and sit him up I think he'd appreciate it

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-10-08 17:39:37):
Berekit:  "Heron. Here you go." and passes a coiled portionof the rope.  "Thank you for the assist."  He will remain to anchor and cross last.

**Jeremy Babayaga | #1 Svir** (2025-10-08 17:45:36):
Once your back up here heron allow me to check for traps as we walk im more keen on traps in buildings than I am traps in tunnels but id like to prevent that from happening again if I can

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2025-10-08 17:46:35):
Heron jumps across, and holds the rope tight.

**Jeremy Babayaga | #1 Svir** (2025-10-08 17:47:02):
Ali shimmies along the ledge

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2025-10-08 17:48:57):
When everryone is across, he will raise his shield and say "Someone keep an eye over my shoulder, I'll press forward" Torch infront of his shield.

**Jeremy Babayaga | #1 Svir** (2025-10-08 17:49:31):
I'll watch

**Jeremy Babayaga | #1 Svir** (2025-10-08 17:49:45):
But give me time to look for traps

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-10-08 17:58:06):
Berekit: "I would like to check is anyone skilled in bandaging wounds now that our cleric is dead?"

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2025-10-08 18:06:07):
Heron: "Aye. That's what I did before I got here"

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-10-08 20:25:44):
Berekit: "Glad to hear it.  Just means we need to make sure you don't die."

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2025-10-08 20:27:40):
Heron: "Keep that eye out Ali. I don't want to fall too..."

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-10-08 22:49:50):
Continuing down the rest of the tunnel did nothing to quell the nerves, as each step was a grim reminder of what could happen to those who advance carelessly. 

With Ali's keen eyes, a thin wire was seen a couple of inches above the ground. She was able to give Heron a swift yank to prevent him from stepping into it.

Tracing the wire, it appears that it would cause the tunnel to collapse, crushing those unlucky enough to be in the small area as well as seal off the tunnel. 

Just beyond the wire the flickering light dances along the curvature. If you listen closely, you can hear muttered words.

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2025-10-08 22:55:22):
Heron will acknowledge the trap with a nod, then look back toward the group. He nod his head towards the sounds, then shrug his shoulders in question.

**Jeremy Babayaga | #1 Svir** (2025-10-08 22:57:51):
Ali. You owe me heron. I can try to disarm it or we can step over it its up to you

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2025-10-08 23:00:57):
At the words, Heron will cringe. Then try to listen to the words, to see if their tone will change. Heron will give Ali a dirty look and put a finger to his lips.

**Jeremy Babayaga | #1 Svir** (2025-10-08 23:02:45):
(Im not speaking loud Ali isn't stupid she knows better than to talk out loud out was whispered in your ear)

**Jeremy Babayaga | #1 Svir** (2025-10-08 23:03:29):
Ali whispers "I can sneak closer and see if I can make out what there saying

**Jeremy Babayaga | #1 Svir** (2025-10-08 23:06:48):
(Can I roll stealth? Or are e going to keep my previous roll)

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-10-08 23:12:58):
((You can roll stealth))

**Jeremy Babayaga | #1 Svir** (2025-10-08 23:13:40):
*[image]*

**Jeremy Babayaga | #1 Svir** (2025-10-08 23:32:07):
(Can I hear anything being said)

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-10-09 17:10:43):
It is hard to make out what the words are being said, but it sounds like a few people just having an everyday conversation. Nothing is being said in particular in hushed tones, nor does it carry an air of importance.

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-10-09 17:11:22):
You get a sense that three, maybe four people are talking.

**Jeremy Babayaga | #1 Svir** (2025-10-09 17:38:00):
(Ali returns to heron and relays that info by whispering it)

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-10-10 15:14:53):
Berekit:  Once the information is relayed down the line he guestures for everyone to circle up and speaks in a hushed tone. "These may be some of the cultist we are seeking.  We should probably ambush them quickly, let none sound the alarm and keep one alive to question.  Thoughts?"  He looks at each in turn.

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2025-10-10 15:17:36):
Heron nods and steels his face, starts breathing deliberately.

**Askaran Ottergryph | #1 Haku | #4 Scrit** (2025-10-10 18:06:22):
Waldemar nods as well, Maul at the ready as he quietly walks up to the corner.

**Jeremy Babayaga | #1 Svir** (2025-10-10 18:19:10):
Ali nods and twirls her fan one can live for now

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2025-10-10 18:19:12):
Heron puts the torch down on the floor, and takes out his hooked stick. He nods towards Waldemar, takes a deep breathe and starts running around the corridor

**Jeremy Babayaga | #1 Svir** (2025-10-10 18:21:05):
I slink forward keeping to the shadows of heron

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-10-10 18:27:03):
Berekit:  will follow the others bow and 2 arrows in hand preparing to fire.  Moving quielty as well.

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-10-10 18:47:34):
You all charge the room, adrenaline rushing through your veins. Your eyes absorb information and take in more of the environment with each step. 

The room is fairly lit with various sconces on the walls. There is a table with bread, accompanied by a crude assortment of plates and silverware surrounding it. Two cloaked individuals, hoods down, sit at this table, their eyes slowly widening to your party barreling in, clearly caught off guard. 

A third figure with its hood up was standing in front of a cupboard, and it now turns toward your group. 

Time is moving slowly, it feels, but you all already know you have the advantage. 

The rest of the room contains a couple of other cupboards and some damaged furniture stacked against a wall. Across the room is a set of doors.

Your team wins the initiative.

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-10-10 18:48:13):
ACTED:
none:

UNACTED: 
Berekit - @Ravnos1 
Heron - @Mossssssssssssssssssssssssss 
Ali - @Syver23 
Waldemar - @Askarans

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2025-10-10 19:02:23):
Action 1: Taunt the guy on the west
Action 2: Stride
Action 3: Raise a shield

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2025-10-10 19:03:42):
Heron charges in, quickly examines the situation and looks at the guy rummaging through the cupboard. 
"Looking for your diapers?" he quips before running to the table, trying to keep the two guys sitting down where they are.

**Askaran Ottergryph | #1 Haku | #4 Scrit** (2025-10-10 19:10:21):
*[image]* Action 1: Hunt Prey (On the guy infront of Owyn)
Action 2: Stride
Action 3: Strike

**Askaran Ottergryph | #1 Haku | #4 Scrit** (2025-10-10 19:10:32):
"Ever saw your brain outside?" 
Waldemar mocks.

**Jeremy Babayaga | #1 Svir** (2025-10-10 19:11:38):
Action 1 run to the nearest guy 
Action 2 slash with fan hoping for sneak attack
Action 3 slash again

**Jeremy Babayaga | #1 Svir** (2025-10-10 19:11:57):
The guy in run to is not that guy

**Jeremy Babayaga | #1 Svir** (2025-10-10 19:27:59):
(Im done

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-10-13 16:40:58):
—Enemy Turn—
Completely caught unawares, two of the cultists were brought down before they could even begin to defend themselves. One took a hefty blow to the back of the head before getting an arrow lodged into his upper chest. The other took a deep gash to the back, opening the vitals to an arrow. 

The third cultist is clearly panicked and doesn't know what to do. He stumbles out of his chair, falling to the ground and attempts to crawl toward the door.
—End Turn—

**Askaran Ottergryph | #1 Haku | #4 Scrit** (2025-10-13 16:49:39):
"Where do you think you're going?"
Waldemar asks with a strong tone of spite in his voice as he stands above the cultist.
"Buros give me strength." Those are the words Waldemar utters in a prayer to Buros, before he focusses on them swinging down his Maul right onto the cultist's head, cracking it open like a melon. 

(Stride; Hunt Prey; Strike)

**Askaran Ottergryph | #1 Haku | #4 Scrit** (2025-10-13 16:53:53):
*[image]*

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-10-13 16:59:07):
The cultist's body twitches for a few moments before going still permanently. 

The room is plain, and the cultists each carried a dagger. The cabinets contained various bottles of cheap wine and ale, as well as other tableware.

The door is unlocked and doesn't appear to have any traps. Far off murmurs can be heard when listening against it.

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-10-13 19:00:04):
Berekit:  Releases the tension from his bow and listens to see if an alarm has been raised.  he looks to where Waldermer is standing over the last cultists and frowns then quietly.  "Dead men tell no tales."  He goes to salvage his 3 arrows and at the last body checks to see if they have any symbols or if their uniforms have any identifying marks.

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2025-10-13 19:37:27):
Heron will quickly inspect the fallen cultists, checking for life signs, even though he knows how unlikely it might be.

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2025-10-13 19:37:45):
(assuming we are out of combat?)

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2025-10-13 19:37:54):
*[image]*

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-10-13 19:38:23):
((Combat is over))

**Jeremy Babayaga | #1 Svir** (2025-10-13 20:03:00):
Ali cleans her fans and says I could have done better thats a shame

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-10-13 23:22:41):
After waiting and listening for a few minutes, you dispatched the enemy swiftly enough to prevent any alarms from being raised. 

Unfortunately, this came at the cost of losing any information that might have been gleaned from these three. Heron attempts to find life within one or more of them, but it was to no avail.

**Jeremy Babayaga | #1 Svir** (2025-10-14 00:30:19):
(Can I scrounge for any useful info)

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-10-14 04:22:24):
Berekit:  Still quietly,  "It looks like the only path is forward until we hit the next squad.  So If we can let's keep one alive long enough to question."

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2025-10-14 12:07:13):
After Heron gives each dead cultist an almost silent prayer "Let Dyrena's light guide you out of Vulla's shadow". He crosses their arms and makes sure their eyes are closed. He then comes to Berekit and whispers
"Do you have a plan? Can you maybe peak through the lock in the door? I don't want to go in blind."

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-10-14 15:19:09):
Berekit.  "The only plan I have is move forward, stay quiet and alert, and kill everything before it kills us.  Ali can you listen or peek through the door?"

**Jeremy Babayaga | #1 Svir** (2025-10-15 10:31:17):
Ali. "As long as you all stay quiet I can do my best to scout it out

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-10-15 14:43:47):
Berekit: "That is good.  See what you can determine is beyond that door.  The rest of us continue as before.  We strike fast and hard."

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-10-15 16:50:28):
Peeping in the cracks around the door, Ali can only guess that there is a hallway on the other side. The light of a torch dances on the floor and walls, and there are no shadows that give indication of other people on the other side. 
From what she can tell, the quiet murmurs that were heard earlier come from much further beyond this door.

**Jeremy Babayaga | #1 Svir** (2025-10-15 17:01:45):
Ali
 I trendy the mesh mllll

**Jeremy Babayaga | #1 Svir** (2025-10-15 21:00:16):
Ali 
I return to the group and fill them in on what I saw and heard

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-10-15 21:38:39):
Berekit: "Thankyou Ali.  Heron. Waldo.  Are you ready to advance and repeat how we took this chamber?"

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2025-10-15 21:52:52):
Heron looks back at the bodies behind them, their eyes closed and arms folded. He hesitates for a moment before stilling his face and breathing. He looks towards the door and whispers "Remember, we need to take them alive for information. Open the door and I'll rush in"

**Jeremy Babayaga | #1 Svir** (2025-10-16 01:11:16):
As before ill slip in following the shadow of the bigger person before branching off to the nearest goon

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-10-16 21:15:09):
One of you opens the door, and as you all ready yourselves to rush in to combat any threats, you find yourselves in a mostly empty hallway. The only things visible are two torches sitting in sconces and a total of four doors. 

Two of the doors lie on the left side of the hall. One on the right, towards the middle of the wall. The last is on the opposite end. The faint murmuring seems to lie beyond that door.

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2025-10-16 21:45:17):
Heron lowers his hook after being ready to rush in and reassess. He holds his shield high and whispers from behind it. 
"You two stay here, I'll escort Ali to each door for a trap check and a listen. We'll open the door with the obvious sounds first, that good with everyone?" His voice low and hiding a shake.

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-10-16 22:49:48):
Berekit nods. "Yes we clear each room to make sure we leave no suprises behind us."  He then pulls two arrows and enters his archer stance as he waits.

**Jeremy Babayaga | #1 Svir** (2025-10-16 23:14:35):
Ali. "Sounds like a plan big man but I do trust your aware my senses aren't infallible

**Jeremy Babayaga | #1 Svir** (2025-10-16 23:28:12):
(Can I check for traps and sounds of ppl/monsters)

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-10-17 20:43:03):
Ali takes her time examining the doors, listening as best as she can to what lies beyond them. The two doors on the left had no significant indicators that anyone lay within them, nor were they trapped. 

The door on the right looks like there is a trap, though, it too seems empty based on sound alone. The only visible part of the trap is a wedge-like object at the top of the door. Something happens if the door opens, but what is not possible to understand from this side of the door. It could be a simple bell, or something far more dangerous. 

The final door carries no signs of traps. The murmuring beyond becomes much more audible, though it does not seem like it's coming from the room on the other side. The murmuring is methodical, it repeats, and carries multiple voices. It is a chant of sorts.

**Jeremy Babayaga | #1 Svir** (2025-10-18 01:35:53):
Ali relays all the info she's learned to her companions

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2025-10-18 15:01:43):
Heron nods the party back to the first door, walking slowly and carefully. He whispers when everyone is back around him. "That chanting is probably what we are here to stop. We now know this is the right place to be. Question is, do we go in and stop them, or retreat and back and inform the rest of the landing party that this is where they need to be, like brother Elias had wanted?"

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-10-18 16:31:55):
Berekit listens.  "I Believe we send a message back.  Advising we do have an element of suprise.  Then see what they say or if they give new orders.?"

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2025-10-18 17:04:01):
Heron nods. "Its easy to send a faceless man into unknown danger. They'd obviously advise us to press on, regardless of the risk. I'd rather see his face when he tells us to go into the unknown against an unknowable force. We've been lucky so far."

**Jeremy Babayaga | #1 Svir** (2025-10-19 01:57:42):
(Can Ali roll any kinda check to see what the chant is or if we have time to send back a message)

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-10-20 16:30:55):
Ali, as you listen more closely to the chant, you imagine a similar ritual and are able to deduce (got a Nat 20 on your knowledge check!) that whatever this ritual is, it is nearing its climax. It will take at most 30 more minutes to complete.

For reference, it took your group roughly that much time to move up the coast from the ship, and about twice that to find this cave. The message would reach the captain before the ritual completes, but it is doubtful that you would receive any assistance in time.

**Jeremy Babayaga | #1 Svir** (2025-10-20 20:10:56):
Ali relays that we dont have time for backup its us or the ritual completes

**Jeremy Babayaga | #1 Svir** (2025-10-20 20:11:14):
We have at most 30 minutes till it's complete

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2025-10-20 20:12:59):
Heron nods at the extra info. "Right. Let's send the message and do our best to stop it, then. Hope that the rest haul ass should we fail."

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-10-20 20:14:38):
Berekit:  "I agree.  If nothing else the army will know in which direction to head if we fail."

**Askaran Ottergryph | #1 Haku | #4 Scrit** (2025-10-20 20:15:45):
Waldemar nods in agreement to the plan.

**Jeremy Babayaga | #1 Svir** (2025-10-20 20:16:49):
Ali nods and says on 3?

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-10-20 20:17:31):
((Do you proceed with: 1) Sending message to captain Kael and 2) moving through the far door))

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-10-20 22:03:58):
(Yes send message and murder hobo after)

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-10-20 23:23:49):
You quietly whisper your message to the owl token you have, and once finished, its eyes flash a bright blue, and it transforms into a silver representation of a living owl. It then flaps its wings and soars out the way you came. 

From there, your group takes a shared breath before breaching the door. Once through, you find yourselves in a small, damp room. There are three individuals in this room, though as soon as they meet eyes with yours, one quickly darts down a hall behind the group. The remaining two attempt to ready themselves for the upcoming fight.

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-10-20 23:24:22):
Your team wins the initiative

ACTED:
none:

UNACTED: 
Berekit - @Ravnos1 
Heron - @Mossssssssssssssssssssssssss 
Ali - @Syver23 
Waldemar - @Askarans

**Jeremy Babayaga | #1 Svir** (2025-10-20 23:43:23):
Game is paused but Ali is going to stride strike strike the closest one

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-10-20 23:44:34):
There's a macros in the "</>" menu on the side that will let you unpause.

**Askaran Ottergryph | #1 Haku | #4 Scrit** (2025-10-20 23:48:22):
Waldemar looks at the cloaked, less armored cultist and focusses on him. ( Hunt Prey ), then Strides towards him, before smacking down with his maul. Yet even with Buros's guidance missing and instead smacking the tile underneath, cracking it even more.

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-10-21 01:27:35):
"Berekit remains at the entrance of the room and enters monastic archer stance and releases a pair of arrows at Waldemar's target.  Not using the 3rd action at the moment,

**Jeremy Babayaga | #1 Svir** (2025-10-21 01:49:24):
Mobile is very hard to operate

**Jeremy Babayaga | #1 Svir** (2025-10-21 01:57:31):
I hit with both strikes

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-10-21 16:43:13):
Your team wins the initiative

ACTED:
Ali
Waldemar

UNACTED: 
Berekit - @Ravnos1 (1 action remaining)
Heron - @Mossssssssssssssssssssssssss

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2025-10-21 17:59:01):
*[image]* Action Stride
Action Taunt
Action Trip
Heron rushes to the enemy and yells out a quip before taking the hook and sliding it behind his knee 
"I heard you were summoning a beast that will eat the world? Is that why I saw your mother outside?"

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-10-21 19:02:36):
Anger flickers in the eyes of the one left standing as he watches his ally drop from a flurry of attacks from the ambush. 

He is then suddenly swept and finds himself on his back. He quickly recovers and stands to his feet. He then raises his shield, preparing for the upcoming assault. He makes an aimless strike at the one who dares to mock him. "YOU KNOW NOTHING!" He shouts as Heron dodges the swipe.

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-10-21 19:02:55):
Round 2

ACTED:
none:

UNACTED: 
Berekit - @Ravnos1 
Heron - @Mossssssssssssssssssssssssss 
Ali - @Syver23 
Waldemar - @Askarans

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2025-10-21 19:17:57):
*[image]* Raise a Shield
Taunt
Trip. 
Heron raises his shield before sending out another quip. "Woah, that one almost hit me! Careful there, you might end up hurting someone!" and swings his hook for his knee once again.

**Askaran Ottergryph | #1 Haku | #4 Scrit** (2025-10-21 21:31:44):
Waldemar walks up towards the shielded guy, focussing on him. "Don't worry, this won't hurt." 
Waldemar quips, before swinging down his maul towards the guy, hitting hard enough that it will knock some wind out this guy, but not kill him. 
( Stride -> Hunt Prey -> Strike (nonlethal)

**Askaran Ottergryph | #1 Haku | #4 Scrit** (2025-10-21 21:31:52):
*[image]*

**Jeremy Babayaga | #1 Svir** (2025-10-21 23:34:31):
Ali strides behind him and strikes non lethality behind him

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-10-21 23:55:22):
Heron, knocking the man on his back, again left him open to the heavy strike by Waldemar. The cultist did his best to blunt the blow with his shield, but he still felt the pain of his bones shaking within his body. 
Ali takes the opportunity to slither in, folding her fan and smacking the cultist in the face, hard. He stops moving, aside from the steady rising of his chest from his labored breathing. 
Berekit has an arrow ready.

The cultists in this room are down. One dead, the other unconscious. You all can audibly hear the chanting down the hall where the third cultist ran off when you all entered the room. There is one other door attached to this room that is closed.

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-10-22 00:42:04):
Berekit "We ddon't have time to question him, since the other fled we need to head after him."

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2025-10-22 05:02:22):
Heron composes himself, "Right, tie him up and let's go."

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-10-22 22:44:58):
Your group bounds the downed cultist and head down the corridor where the chanting is originating from. It's not far, but you see a door, and with the cultist who ran off earlier, it doesn't take much thought to assume they are ready for you. You can see from the cracks around the door that they have attempted to create a barricade to prevent you from entering.

**Askaran Ottergryph | #1 Haku | #4 Scrit** (2025-10-22 22:50:04):
Waldemar turns to the group, his Maul ready in both his hands. "Should we just break the door in?"

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-10-23 01:28:38):
Berekit:  "I think it is only polite to knock" as he indicates the maul.

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2025-10-23 05:03:03):
Heron nods and steels himself, shield up at at back of Waldemar. (Defend activity)

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-10-23 17:24:48):
((Attempting to bash down the door?))

**Askaran Ottergryph | #1 Haku | #4 Scrit** (2025-10-23 17:34:37):
(Yes)

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-10-23 18:07:42):
Though it took precious minutes, Waldemar was able to safely smash the door down, and the group was able to get past the debris stacked in front of it. 

The path beyond leads to a large cavern with stone walkways built around a dais made of unfamiliar stone. The dais has four large crystals that glow brightly and hum quietly. Beneath each crystal is a cultist, chanting loudly in a language that is unfamiliar. Between them is a dome of energy, pulsating with each line. Inside the dome is a young girl, in evident agony, hunched over. Her eyes meet yours, and she screams in what you can only imagine as pain, but no sound pierces the dome.

Beyond the dais is a platform with a throne above it. A cultist is grabbing a sword that glows dimly while shouting, "Do not let them stop the ritual! We are nearly finished!"

There are many cultists in this room, four of them holding shields and swords, who attempt to block your path. You also notice two carrying bows on each pathway. The remaining cultists (aside from the one near the throne) are standing within circles on the ground, performing this twisted ritual.

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-10-23 18:10:48):
Your team wins the initiative

ACTED:
none:

UNACTED: 
Berekit - @Ravnos1 
Heron - @Mossssssssssssssssssssssssss 
Ali - @Syver23 
Waldemar - @Askarans

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-10-23 18:11:59):
*[image]* The girl inside the dome of energy ^

**Askaran Ottergryph | #1 Haku | #4 Scrit** (2025-10-23 18:23:17):
Waldemar rushes forward and uses his momentum to shove one of the shielded cultists with the force of his Maul. However, he can't bring enough momentum to shove the other one as well.

**Askaran Ottergryph | #1 Haku | #4 Scrit** (2025-10-23 18:23:49):
*[image]*

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-10-23 18:24:11):
((Shove is always directly away))

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-10-23 18:26:48):
((But it was a critical, so it moves him 10 feet back, so same result I suppose XD))

**Jeremy Babayaga | #1 Svir** (2025-10-23 23:40:04):
(Again im at work with shitty wifi) Ali will stride to the spot that was just vacated and strike strike

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-10-24 01:24:27):
*[image]* Berekit:  |"The rest of you I will try to eliminate the archers, get down there and silence them." ::Berekit draws on the Archer in the East after entering Monastic Archer Stance and shoots 2 arrows at him.  The first skewers him as a well placed heart shot and as the archer reacts in pain his second arrow flies past.   Finally he shifts and aims at the Archer on the Western side to remind him that he was there as well.

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-10-24 01:25:31):
*[image]*

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-10-24 01:29:14):
(i promise i will get this right, Need to stride, then stance then flurry have to be within 50 feet so 3rd shot is just not happening.)

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-10-24 16:54:00):
Round 1
ACTED:
Ali - @Syver23 
Waldemar - @Askarans
Berekit - @Ravnos1 

UNACTED: 
Heron - @Mossssssssssssssssssssssssss

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2025-10-24 17:52:52):
Heron will point his hook past the two shields fighters, at the archer on the bridge. 
"Oi, you taking a shit or drawing a boy? Straighten your back and keep your chin high you turd!" He then runs past the two shielded folk, and holds his shield up, back to the crystals
Taunt
Stride
Raise a Shield

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-10-24 18:49:29):
After watching their comrade get shoved into a pit while another takes two brutal blows to their back, incapacitating them, the two with the shield reform their ranks. Both raise their shields and stomp into your group.

One attempts to strike at Waldemar, but falls short of making contact. The other was able to find a small opening to plunge his blade into Heron. The pain must have caused him to flinch a bit, as the archer he had just recently taunted fires off a quick shot, which also impacts Heron deflects with his shield. The same archer cries out, "I'll show you what a turd can do!" And although the words seem out of place, he aims carefully and catches Heron with another arrow.

The final archer targets their closest opposition, Ali, and manages to land a single arrow directly into her abdomen, though it appears to have missed all vitals. His second shot misses, and he moves back to what he thinks is a better position.

The final cultist near the throne trips a bit on the stairs, dropping the sword. He picks it up. "Keep chanting, we are in the final moments! Soon our god will be reborn!"

((Notes on the turn: 
Jeremy, the attack that hit Ali was a nat 20, so dodge would not have helped. But the damage was also only 7 for a longbow crit, lucky. 
Moss, you took three hits, but you also have a shield raised. Shield block one?))

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-10-24 18:50:25):
Round 2

ACTED:
none:

UNACTED: 
Berekit - @Ravnos1 
Heron - @Mossssssssssssssssssssssssss 
Ali - @Syver23 
Waldemar - @Askarans

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2025-10-24 18:51:25):
Shield block yes please

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-10-24 18:52:40):
Do you find it fair to shield block the first attack each time, not knowing the damage of future strikes?

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-10-24 18:53:13):
I will clarify in future instances where your shield might break, of course.

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2025-10-24 19:12:42):
Taunt
Trip (9)
Raise a shield. 
Heron mutters under his breathe... take out the archers my ass... "Tough turd you are, standing all the way over there while your boys get put on their ass!" and for emphasis he tries to hook the cultist in front of him, but fails to catch his foot. Another mutter is lost behind the shield he raises, but it's probably a curse against the cultist, or a prayer for himself.

**Askaran Ottergryph | #1 Haku | #4 Scrit** (2025-10-25 00:40:56):
Waldemar focusses on the shielded guy between him and Heron. 
Then attempts to swing at him, but the slow weapon is easy to dodge, making even the second swing predictable.

(Hunt Prey -> Strike (Miss) -> Strike (Crit. Miss)

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-10-25 04:17:06):
Berekit draws again and shoots 3 arrows at the eastern archer, his first shot through a heroic effot (HP reroll) hits why the 2nd and 3rd arrow fly past and drop to the floor below. (shoot 3 times)

**Jeremy Babayaga | #1 Svir** (2025-10-26 17:55:47):
Ali is going to stride to the nearest bad and take her fans and strike strike across the chest (i got logged out of foundry and im trying to get back in)

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-10-27 16:31:05):
((I moved you to the 2nd closest so you can get a flank. Hope you don't mind.))

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-10-27 16:54:10):
The stress of the combat is infecting all of the combatants. Heron, Waldemar, and all of the remaining engaged cultists couldn't land any blows. 
Berekit was able to his one of the archers with a single arrow. That particular cultist looks like he will drop if the wind blows just right. 
Ali also managed to land a single blow after running into his blind spot. The cultist attempted to put his shield in the way, but failed to do so in time as Ali was able to reposition her fan slash, hurting the momentum, but not enough to stop a fatal blow. 
The other shielded cultist lashed out in anger at Ali, and if it wasn't for her nimbleness, she would have indeed tasted some of his steel. He raised his shield after two strikes failed to meet their mark. 
The archers each took aim, but it meant nothing as they couldn't break Heron's defenses. 
The "leader" at the end of the room shouts "KEE..." but he is cut off. His eyes flash purple for a moment, and his demeanor shifts. He moves in front of the cultist standing in a glowing circle. He then makes a loud command, filled with a confidence that was not there moments ago. "Do not sway, there is only one final act!".

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-10-27 16:54:25):
Round 3

ACTED:
none:

UNACTED: 
Berekit - @Ravnos1 
Heron - @Mossssssssssssssssssssssssss 
Ali - @Syver23 
Waldemar - @Askarans

**Askaran Ottergryph | #1 Haku | #4 Scrit** (2025-10-27 17:00:07):
"To take a shit as the final act!" Waldemar shouts before he runs along the eastwing towards one of the cultists. (Stride Twice) and attempts to swing at the cultist. But the cultist easily ducks away from his swing of the Maul.

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2025-10-27 17:27:31):
Heron
Trip on the last shielded cultist (14)
taunt on the archer to the west. 
Raise a Shield
A moment of luck, a moment of calm. Heron interrupts it by adding to Waldemars shout "Not long left now, before your bridge boys are down and we're shoving steel into your mouth!" He raises his shield a says an almost silent prayer "Dyrena's light find me"

**Jeremy Babayaga | #1 Svir** (2025-10-27 18:00:04):
((If you see something more advantageous than I did that still fits in one move I wont ever mind you taking it))

**Jeremy Babayaga | #1 Svir** (2025-10-27 18:20:00):
Ali is going to stride twice to get between the archer and the cultist and try to maim them with her fan (she's going to cut a bitch)

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-10-27 19:37:24):
((@Syver23, Heron succeeded on his trip, so that shield guy is off guard. Want to hit him instead?))

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-10-28 02:28:20):
Berekit shoots at the Eastern archer first, then fires a 2nd arrow at the Western Archer.  (doing 2 points of damage each).  Then he strides towards the Western Archer.

**Jeremy Babayaga | #1 Svir** (2025-10-28 16:38:54):
((Yes))

**Jeremy Babayaga | #1 Svir** (2025-10-28 16:39:23):
((Sorry had to cover a shift yesterday im exhausted))

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-10-28 17:15:15):
Although Waldemar's strike failed to land, it was enough of a distraction to allow Berekit to land a lethal blow on him. The other ranged cultist takes a solid graze from the second arrow while he was letting off his own at Heron. He moves away to keep his distance.

Heron takes an arrow from the small volley, while the shielded cultist swipes at him from the ground. Heron bounces much of the blow away with his shield, but he could feel his muscles scream from the vibration. 

Ali attempted to strike him while he was down, but the cultist squirmed too much for her to land a solid strike. He stands up shortly after, bringing up her shield. 

The remaining cultists who are chanting are starting to look nervous. The lead cultist shouts again, "DO! NOT! STOP!" Then, their eyes flicker with a purple light, and they continue chanting even more vigorously than before. The words feel different. They feel empowered.

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-10-28 17:15:31):
Round 4

ACTED:
none:

UNACTED: 
Berekit - @Ravnos1 
Heron - @Mossssssssssssssssssssssssss 
Ali - @Syver23 
Waldemar - @Askarans

**Jeremy Babayaga | #1 Svir** (2025-10-28 17:58:05):
Ali will stride to get in diagonal flanking and double strike attempting to maim once more

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2025-10-28 18:09:12):
Heron will strike once more at the feet of the cultist in front of him, he'll fumble a little at first, but eventually the cultist's foot is pulled, and he lands on his ass hard (26) Heron will take out a potion and drink it. 
(Trip)
(retrieve potion)
(drink potion)

**Askaran Ottergryph | #1 Haku | #4 Scrit** (2025-10-28 18:48:09):
Waldemar focusses on the chanting Cultist before him. (Hunt Prey). 
"Buros give me the strength to strike those who have wronged!" He proclaims loudly, air seems to distort around his Maul as he casts Gravity Weapon before he strikes it down onto the Cultist for 14 damage.

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-10-29 02:28:24):
Berekit moves closer to the western Archer firing twice in rapid succession  His first arrow flies somewhere not in the general vicinity of the archer, his second arrow fairs only slightly better.  Cussing under his breath he takes a moment to center and listens to the wind in the cave before releasing his third Arrow which flies true into the last archer.

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-10-29 16:03:58):
Heron sweeps the cultist down on his back, again, before chugging some slightly glowing fluid from a glass vial, his wounds closing completely shortly after. Ali attempts to take advantage of the moment, but the cultist fends off the flurry of fan strikes. In his frustration, he rolls up and swings a wild strike at Ali, only to miss by several feet. He shakes off his anger to raise his shield, preparing for the next attack. 

Waldemar brutally killed one of the chanting cultists, their body compressing much like how you would imagine an accordion would. Their blood pooling within the platform he was standing on. 

Berekit's third arrow hit the cultist straight in the chest. The cultist coughs up some blood before firing an arrow back at Berekit, causing some damage. He attempts to move back further to fire off a second arrow, but it fails to land on Berekit. 

The cultists performing the ritual continue their chanting, the words now echoing in the chamber. The lead cultist joins the chant as he raises his sword, looking at the girl trapped within the barrier with determination. The once dim, glowing sword is now beginning to glow brighter.

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-10-29 16:04:08):
Round 5

ACTED:
none:

UNACTED: 
Berekit - @Ravnos1 
Heron - @Mossssssssssssssssssssssssss 
Ali - @Syver23 
Waldemar - @Askarans

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2025-10-29 17:34:03):
Heron
Trip (25, macro says it's a crit success so I rolled damage)
Stride
Taunt
Heron will once again look to hook the feet of the cultist in front of him, and succeeds on knocking him on his ass. He takes some steps away from that cultist and goes towards the crystals, getting as close to the cultist as possible 
"I've heard drunken snoring that sounded better than whatever the hell you're doing!"

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-10-30 00:04:52):
Berekit moves closer to the other archer and fires twice and missing on both.

**Askaran Ottergryph | #1 Haku | #4 Scrit** (2025-10-30 00:11:40):
Waldemar meanwhile makes a full sprint towards the two most northern cultists.

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-10-30 22:00:53):
Round 5

ACTED:
Berekit - @Ravnos1 
Heron - @Mossssssssssssssssssssssssss 
Waldemar - @Askarans

UNACTED: 
Ali - @Syver23

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-10-31 19:23:13):
((It has been over 48 hours, so I will move Ali for now.))

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-10-31 19:31:16):
((It's cool. Life sometimes gets too busy to pull up a game.))

Ali, now able to anticipate the shielded cultist's flailing about, slashes about and through the man's defensive stance, ending him. She then starts moving towards the chanting cultists near the crystals.

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-10-31 19:52:57):
The remaining archer can't get a solid aim on Berekit, and misses both shots. 

The lead cultist, seeing Waldemar rush towards him and the chanter behind him, carefully aims his blade towards Waldemar's chest. Waldemar attempted to stop short, but the ground is slicker than it looks, and the blade plunges deep into his chest. Pulling out, the leader attempts a couple more lunges, but something makes his attack pattern predictable, and he fails to land another blow. 

The remaining cultists continue chanting loudly.

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-10-31 19:53:11):
Round 6

ACTED:
none:

UNACTED: 
Berekit - @Ravnos1 
Heron - @Mossssssssssssssssssssssssss 
Ali - @Syver23 
Waldemar - @Askarans

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2025-10-31 20:00:07):
Taunt
Trip 11
Heron will shout out past the cultist in front of him 
"You in charge of this band of choirs boys? They can't even keep in key, what the hell are you being paid for?" He then chucks a foot at the cultist in front of him to trip them.

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2025-10-31 20:08:17):
Heron Raises his shield

