# Theria — 2025-11

*PBP transcript archived by PathWarsNudge bot.*

---

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-11-01 00:08:05):
Berekit continues to go after the last archer, and takes careful aim at him sending an arrow to sink into its left eye.  The he shoots at the cultist to the left of him hoping to end its chanting as well.  (my target was still on the archer so do not know if a 12 will hit)  His last arrow catches him in the upper thigh as he continues to fire, cursing to himself as his arrows begin to row low. "I would have thought 40 would be enough for this mission."

**Askaran Ottergryph | #1 Haku | #4 Scrit** (2025-11-01 00:20:47):
Waldemar gasps and winces in pain, almost reeling over, as the short rams into his torso. 
His eyes appear to shift, becoming more animalistic for a moment as Waldemar glares at him, focussing him as a target (Hunt Prey).
Undeterred through his believe in Buros Waldemar swings his Maul, which shimmers in a purple Energy. It flies in a wide Arc, the cultist infront of the main cultists ducks, but the main cultist didn't see it coming fast enough and gets the Maul straight into his chest. (23 Damage)
With the momentum of the swing, Waldemar steps back.

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-11-04 17:53:59):
Ali runs up to the nearest chanter and takes them down with a swift slice through their throat. She then heads towards the next.

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-11-04 19:38:00):
The final archer falls to Berekit's well-aimed shot. The other cultist, still chanting, took an arrow into their midsection, and although they look close to death, they continue speaking the ancient language with increasing volume.

"Even if you bring me down," The leader speaks through staggered breaths, "You cannot stop what is to come." He smiles as blood flows out of his mouth, the crimson robe absorbing liquid from the wound on his chest. He steps closer to Waldemar, barely able to stand, and swings weakly at him, missing two strikes. "You're too late."

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-11-04 19:44:52):
Round 7

ACTED:
none:

UNACTED: 
Berekit - @Ravnos1 
Heron - @Mossssssssssssssssssssssssss 
Ali - @Syver23 
Waldemar - @Askarans

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2025-11-04 19:48:29):
Heron shouts as he swings his hook around some legs "You can't even stand! What are you going to do to stop us?" Heron then steps, and attempts to walk through the barrier where the girl is trapped. 
Taunt
Trip (18, I forgot to use the macro, sorry)
Stride?

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-11-04 19:55:02):
The energy from the barrier lashes out as you approach (Reflex save)

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2025-11-04 19:57:57):
8

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-11-04 19:59:14):
You take one damage, though you suspect the energy is more intense the closer you get.

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-11-04 20:00:32):
The girl inside looks up to you, tears streaming down her face in agony. She then hunches over again and writhes in pain.

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-11-04 20:24:38):
Lead cultist is down, face flattened. All that remains is the chorus of the chanters.

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-11-04 21:59:58):
—START POST—
The chorus suddenly stops. The room is eerily quiet compared to the cacophony that existed moments ago. The cultist in the northernmost circle kneels down and grabs the brightly lit sword, glowing in hues similar to the glow of the barrier that entraps the girl, while the other pull out their own daggers.

They then drive them deep into their chests and collapse to the floor. The blood that pours out from them pools within the glyphs that lie on the floor around them. The glyphs begin to luminate the area, and the barrier around the girl, her eyes going wide in the moment, explodes with a pulse that knocks you all to the ground.

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-11-04 22:14:08):
Your minds flash and flicker with memories that are not your own, but feel familiar, as if they belonged. Your bodies ache and your blood burns. Something feels off. Different. Changed. 

A woman's voice echoes in the chamber around you. 

"Finally..." it says, "I am free."

((You all are level 2 now. You all get a free "retraining" of your entire character sheet aside from your name, 1st level ancestry feat, and gender. All ancestries and classes are now available. 

You may now choose to take your Ancestral Paragon bonus feat that you should have had at level 1. You all gain the "Adopted Ancestry" general feat for Human, unless you choose to stay human. 

If you are a current player or Josh Haslett, you may have one bonus level 1 class feat associated with your current class, regardless of whether you keep the class in your retraining.

If you pick a class that would require great study or knowledge to shift into, such as a wizard, those flashes of memories provide that.

You all know that the world is filled with monsters and chaotic energies, though you also know that those did not exist moments ago. Arcana is a skill that certainly has value now.

I will allow you to reintroduce your characters after I have the woman speak her first bit of dialogue, after you all have updated your character sheets.))
—END POST—

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-11-07 22:30:20):
*[image]* Where the girl once was stands a woman. She looks about herself and speaks, "Can't say it's a form I'd have chosen, but it will do."

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-11-07 22:52:28):
She then looks at the rest of you as she slowly turns about, a sinister smirk resting upon her face. Her eyes meet each of yours, and it feels like she is looking upon a child.

"You all did well in coming here. I was hoping to end up with a messenger or so." She sees that most of you are disoriented and confused. "Oh, I probably should apologize for that. Things are going be different now. They are going to be what they always should have been."

She walks up to Heron, and she seems displeased as she stares at him, but the emotion passes. "Go back to your people. Tell them that I am coming for the siblings. Tell them I will have my revenge." 

She then snaps her fingers, and a pouch makes a satisfying plink sound in the central circle where the girl once was. "There's your compensation for this task." She begins walking towards the passageway on the left side of the cavern that you saw upon entering. "Nith M'aera is back. The era of magic has returned."

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-11-07 22:53:20):
((While she speaks and does all of this, please describe how the pulse of energy impacted you.))

**Askaran Ottergryph | #1 Haku | #4 Scrit** (2025-11-07 22:53:38):
While Waldemar is knocked out, he sees flashing images that seem incoherent to another.. images of conflict.. images where he stands annointed as knight.. he sees human hands, then images of a hooded figure.. a symbol floating in the air he can't make out.. A hammer striking stone.. darkness.. horrible pain.. growth of claws and fur.. the hammer striking stone again.. 
Angry faces of people.. the image of the town shrinking further and further.. then.. the hammer striking stone one last time. The stone cracks, splits, a flashing light.. blach at its core, transitioning to purple to red at the rim, the light engulfs him, he hears a voice, yet can't make out any words. 

Waldemar's eyes tear open, he gasps for air, his arms stretched out as if he was reaching for something. Then, Waldemar notices his arm. It is brown, covered in fur, a leathery membrane stretching out. The curse which has slept in him for his entire life, which he supressed through the strength of his will, now has remanifested itself. Waldemar attempts to turn back into his human form, yet he can't. Frustrated and panicked, he let's out a shout, which rather turns out to a piercing, high pitched cry that echoes through the entire hollow of the cavern.

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-11-08 02:24:49):
Bereket stumbles backwards at the flash of light and for a moment he is back in the Dead Lands standing upon a hill watching the sun rise.  

His mother standing at his side her piebald flank next to his teaching him yet once more to speak to the wind and have it form in his hands to help guide his arrows. At the same time he sees a similar scene where his human mother teaches him to listen to the wind. 

Another flash of memory as he remembers Trotting at his father's side as they herded the horses they bred and traded in. The pair, father and son galloping along their hooves beating a cadence keeping the horses in line.  Yet he also remembers learning to ride as teenager upon a brown gelding as his father laughed with him due to his awkwardness.   

He sees flashes as he trained as A Sagitari combining fire and arrow into one devastating strike.  Yet he remembers there was no magic in the arena except that which the gods provided.  

These flashes of memories are confusing, not because they are weird but that they are both real. Shaking his head his mane of dreadlocks shack down his back.  He places his right fist upon the ground and his left foreleg forward to brace.  He pushes off his rear legs.  {I have rear legs?  Of course I do}  as he rises his left hand grabs his bow and his right foreleg squares off and he regains his stance.  He remembers he was tall as an Archer before but now he stands with his head reaching close to 8 feet in height.  His buckskin dun hide a standard color of his tribe in the dead lands shows a bit of sweat from their recent encounter.

Looking to his compatriots he frowns in confusion as the reality of a few minutes ago and now has changed.  Focusing on Heron who appears the closest to the same in his memories he calls out, "Heron, by Boros' how are you the same?"  He turns quickly to stare at the woman  "N'ith Maera?" he says to himself and pulls his bow and knocks an arrow "We cannot allow you to leave." he shakes his head and his bow lowers as more memories of 2 lives war in his head.

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2025-11-08 11:23:53):
The flash of purple that knocked everyone else down, seemed to have stop just short of Heron. He forces his head up, reeling from the energy, and he sees a figure. Spectral and ethereal. Its holds a gleaming shield that blocks the brunt of the purple power that knocked everyone else down instantly. It's head turns towards Heron, and despite there being no features, no marks on the face, he knows it was Dyrena's light that protected him. A moment passes, and the figure disappears and the shield falls. Heron falls like the rest, but not as hard, not as fast. 

While some of the others might have gone through some drastic changes, Heron remains unchanged. His pants look tighter. His shield is now shiner. It looks like it's been cracked in a few places, but then repaired with thin filaments of blue, white, and silver.

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2025-11-08 16:18:34):
Heron tests the weight of the shield on his arm, as he looks around in disbelief. "I...I...I don't know" he says softly. "She protected me."

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2025-11-09 08:47:24):
Heron looks around, head high. He sees the half dozen dead cultists, and sees his three changed companions. The woman standing where the girl was. "What the fuck" he says, almost silently. Bereket? Waldemar? What happened to you?"

**Askaran Ottergryph | #1 Haku | #4 Scrit** (2025-11-09 09:48:42):
Waldemar's scream dies out as his lungs run out of air.. he caughs, regaining his breath. 
Still laying on the ground, Waldemar looks utterly distraught and defeated. 
"My... curse... it.." cough "reawakened"

**Jeremy Babayaga | #1 Svir** (2025-11-09 10:16:29):
Where once there was a very attractive girl clearly from the islands you now see a translucent spectral rat girl wearing the same gear and as Ali starts looking at her new form she says huh dont like all the hair and im not sure I wanna look In a mirror

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-11-09 20:59:14):
The woman, nearing the entry point of the passageway gives a wave of sorts to the group as she passes beyond and with a raised voice as to be heard "do not forget your task! I expect a job well done for the payment I have left you!" 

With those final words, the stone around the passage she walks through rumbles and shifts until it loose like nothing more than a continuation of the stone of the cavern you all reside in. 

Though many of you sit confused at your recent changes and the flood of memories, you all begin to find a small amount of peace. Enough to at least continue on your journey.

Investigating the room further, the dead human cultists are now bodies various creatures. The leader in particular appears to be some sort of lizard man. His sword still glows (+1 Shortsword) upon the ground.

The pouch that was left behind by Nith is at some point approached cautiously by the group. After deliberation, one of you opens it and inside appears to be nothing at first. It is quickly assessed to be magical and has a pocket dimension inside. Reaching in, there are various items and treasures (I will add these tomorrow as I dont feel like powering up my forge at this time). 

Walking out the way you came, you hear some shouting in the distance. Someone appears to be calling for help.

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2025-11-09 21:01:04):
Heron says cautiously " We gotta haul ass and let the other groups know what happened here. Maybe they can catch up to her. We can figure out what happened to you three after we regroup. Any objections?"

**Askaran Ottergryph | #1 Haku | #4 Scrit** (2025-11-09 21:03:24):
Waldemar picks up the sword from the leader. Given, that he landed the killing blow on him, so he thinks, he has dips on that sword, albeit him not much of a sword fighter. 
Then, as Heron makes this suggestion, his eyes go wide and his ears flick forward in Heron's direction. 
"Return to the group?! With us looking like that? They will think I'm a monster and kill me!" 
There is a clear sense of genuine panic in Waldemar's distorted voice.

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2025-11-09 21:04:35):
Heron retorts. "So stay here, and when the group comes back to investigate what happened with scholars and soldiers, you'll be able to explain why you look like that yourself, without me to back you up"

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2025-11-09 21:05:04):
"Someone is calling for our help. We can't just stay around arguing. Let's. Go."

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-11-09 23:17:19):
Berekit:  As he exits the ritual chamber  he hears the cry for help, he stamps at the ground with his right front hoof.  "We should hurry." pausing to look at but not down at Waldemar.  "What occurred in there was powerful enough to affect the entire world.  We were not the only ones changed, even the cultists inside were transformed as well.  You should have no worries unless you also need to drink blood.  If anyone wants to attack you I will give a swift horseshoe kick to the head."  He will listen to the call for help to try to determine from which direction it is coming from.

**Jeremy Babayaga | #1 Svir** (2025-11-10 04:32:11):
Waldmer my dear if they think you a monster what do you think they'll see me a literal ghost as between us I fear I may be of the highest priority

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-11-10 05:12:07):
"Let us worry about the future in the future and do what we can for those who are still alive."  he turns to trot towards the sounds of the cry casting mage armor as he moves towards it.

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2025-11-10 11:03:45):
Heron nods, and follows.

**Askaran Ottergryph | #1 Haku | #4 Scrit** (2025-11-10 11:19:16):
Waldemar sighs sharply. "You're right.. we'll worry when it comes to it." 
He stands up and follows up as well.

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-11-10 19:22:52):
The shouting takes you to a locked door, and although Ali is primarily translucent and incorporeal, it appears she is still able to interact with her tools and locks as she opens the way.

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-11-10 19:23:11):
*[image]* Inside is an elvish man.

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-11-10 19:24:39):
He looks distressed, but a little relieved when he notices your clothing. "You're not one of them, are you?" He asks, as he looks at each of you and beyond. "You're not wearing cloaks... Please say you're not one of them."

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2025-11-10 20:38:28):
Heron scoffs. "Nevermind who we are. Why are you here?"

**Jeremy Babayaga | #1 Svir** (2025-11-11 03:01:32):
Ali would like to vibe check the man

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-11-11 22:47:46):
((Ali, the man seems sincere.))

He responds with shaky breathing, "They told me I was going to be a sacrifice. I just want to go home." He starts to break down into tears.

**Askaran Ottergryph | #1 Haku | #4 Scrit** (2025-11-11 22:49:34):
"Don't we all.." Waldemar says reverently. "We are on our way out as well. Can you fight? Who knows what or who else might still be here."

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-11-11 22:51:39):
"I'm not really a fighter, though I do know a few basic spells." A small light appears from his hand and it floats about him. "It wasn't enough to protect me from these people, though."

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-11-11 23:36:15):
Berekit:  Frowning he asks.   "By any chance did you receive visions of a time when magic did not exist and all were human?"

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-11-12 00:23:14):
His face takes a puzzled look, and he responds, "Uh... No?" It is clear that he isn't sure how to answer that question. "I have lived my life as an elf for the last 322 years."

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-11-12 00:47:55):
Berekit nods as he confirmed a suspicion.  "Thank you, and a bit of soldier advise when we get back to a town.  Have a few drinks and get laid.  Will prevent you from being abducted to be used for a virgin sacrifice."  He backs up to make room for the elf to exit out of the room.

**Askaran Ottergryph | #1 Haku | #4 Scrit** (2025-11-12 01:11:26):
Waldemar barely suppresses a laughing snort. After a gasp he speaks: "Elf, what deity do you believe in?" His voice stern, yet with a hint of curiousity.

**Jeremy Babayaga | #1 Svir** (2025-11-12 01:51:09):
Waldmer Ali lightly slaps your arm (dm discretion if I touch you) he seems sincere and we know that time has gone all wobbly and twisted id wager money that its because we interfered besides look at us an elf isn't any weirder than most of us now. Speaking of now could I possibly grab that sword u picked up I have a feeling being a ghost im going to want something a bit different than my fans now

**Askaran Ottergryph | #1 Haku | #4 Scrit** (2025-11-12 02:17:02):
Waldemar nods at Ali, handing the ghostly rat the sword. Not aware of Ali's ghostly limitations, Waldemar lets go of the sword as you ' hold' it. It clatters to the floor. 
"Oh- sorry about that."
Figuring you need a bit of time, Waldemar simply holds the sword for you until you can hold it yourself.

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-11-12 02:18:50):
Berekit:  "Take heart Waldemar,  if what the elf believes is indicative of the rest of the world everyone we have worked with only knows you as this.  No need to worry when we leave."

**Askaran Ottergryph | #1 Haku | #4 Scrit** (2025-11-12 02:40:09):
Waldemar's facial expression tense as you say this. Berekit doesn't know, but if Waldemar's vision is true, the experiences of whomever Waldemar's fate has merged with, has had something similar happen to them. They were not always this. They once too, were human. 
Yet Waldemar does not further respond to Berekit's remark, not wanting to deepen the topic in this moment.

**Jeremy Babayaga | #1 Svir** (2025-11-12 02:42:32):
Ali laughs at the sword moment. And says "thanks waldmer for holding the sword for me while i focus " as the sword slowly turns ghostly and ali says "huh even weapons can be ghosts"

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-11-12 17:07:26):
"Thank you," The man says as he walks out of the room, eyes still darting to check for safety. In response to Waldemar's question, "Oh, me? I must admit that I am not a godly man." He chuckles a bit, nervously, "Not that I don't believe in them, I just don't really dedicate much energy to worship."

He finds a bunch of your banter to be way over his head and chooses to ignore it. "So, uh, which way is out?"

**Jeremy Babayaga | #1 Svir** (2025-11-12 18:25:22):
Ali pokes her head out and looks around and then says "that way i do belive"

**Askaran Ottergryph | #1 Haku | #4 Scrit** (2025-11-12 18:28:56):
Waldemar steps up and hands the Elf one of the cultist's shortswords. 
"Take this, in case your magic powers fail you."

**Jeremy Babayaga | #1 Svir** (2025-11-12 19:21:19):
Ali says "we will do our best to make sure u make it out but preparation for the unexpected is how you increase your odds of a success"

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-11-12 19:59:34):
As you all make your way towards the way you came in, you come across that trap where the lieutenant perished. Inside lies a dead dwarf, impaled by several spears. A glowing light still hovers above him.

You hear commotion coming from the entrance.

**Jeremy Babayaga | #1 Svir** (2025-11-12 20:14:13):
Id like to stealth forward towards the noise

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-11-12 23:18:58):
Ali, creeping towards the gap in the ceiling, hears people arguing. 

"Of course we have to enter!" someone shouts. 

"But the message said there were traps, we should find an alternate route!" someone else retorts.

**Askaran Ottergryph | #1 Haku | #4 Scrit** (2025-11-13 01:21:08):
*[image]* With his newly enhanced sense of smell, Waldemar attempts to pick up the scent of those outside, trying to identify whether they are human or not.

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-11-13 16:51:27):
Waldemar gets a mix of scents. Various people of different races. He passes this information on to the group.

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-11-13 16:55:47):
Berekit:  "Ali based on what you heard,  sounds like it is one of our patrols coming to aid us.  We should clear the last traps and meet them before they get themselves killed."  Berekit will begin to move to the entrance as carefully as he can.

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-11-13 23:26:24):
It is a trivial task to navigate the rest of the tunnel to the entrance, although climbing the hole will be a challenge. 

As Berekit suspected, the voices are coming from the other groups. With the assumption that your group calls out, the captain pops his head over the edge.

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-11-13 23:26:49):
*[image]*

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-11-13 23:33:05):
"There they are!" He shouts back, "Someone get some rope so we can pull them out of there for their debriefing!" There seems to be anger in his tone. "I want to know what the hell happened in there!"

It takes about 20 minutes, but everyone is lifted out of the entrance safely, and you all are surrounded by about thirty others in familiar dress. Though many of them look to be quite different from one set of your memories. It's mostly human, but there are elves, dwarves, halflings, gnomes, and even some goblins. 

The captain waves you over, a scowl on his face. "I take it we were too late?" His eyes scan across you all, it doesn't take a check to notice that he is disappointed. Though, you do get the feeling the disappointment lies not with you, but with himself.

**Askaran Ottergryph | #1 Haku | #4 Scrit** (2025-11-14 00:10:18):
Waldemar too joins in the air of disappointment. 
He does still try to take a respectful stance, looking at the orc captain. 
"Yes. Unfortunately, we were too late." He places the emphasis on 'we' such that it is clear that it means the exclusive we. 
"We have found a large ritual room in which several cultists were conducting a ritual. We have managed to kill a few, but it wasn't enough to disrupt that ritual. They.. succeeded. We were knocked off of our feet in a strange explosion."
Waldemar pauses, then continues:
"Where there was an innocent human woman, there was now someone different. I believe.. someone has possessed that woman. She introduced herself as 'Nith M'aera'. She was after the siblings. Our gods.." Waldemar's voice goes quiet. 
"However, we have found an elf in this cave."

Waldemar pauses, letting the information sink in.
Depending on how well the orc captain knew what this world's original version of Waldemar has spoken like, he may be able to see that Waldemar's manner of speech has changed compared to what the captain may remember.

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-11-14 15:59:27):
Berekit:  Ducking his head steps out "He states that he was kidnapped to be used for a ritual sacrifice. He also has demonstrated that he has some magic as well.  The entity that escaped has charged us with delivering the message that she is now free and on the hunt."

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-11-16 03:38:11):
The elvish man peeps out from behind the group, "Uh... hello mister?..." He waits for an answer from the captain who just stands there and stares at him, unimpressed.

"... right then. I'm Silas Dimroot. I honestly dont know much other than they were intending on sacrificing me." He explains this with a small bit of panic as he seems afraid that if he doesn't provide any useful information, he might end up tortured or worse.

Valerius' lower jaw sort of grits and grinds as he listens impatiently. "I don't have time for this sniveling worm. We must find Nit-" his words cut off as his body stiffens and his eyes glow a bright blue his mouth opens and a voice speaks out. "Return to the capital immediately. College of Cumeyr. We have much to discuss." The voice is clearly not his own.

The captain's eyes return to normal and he shakes his head briefly before continuing. "Nith M'aera and figure out a way to stop her." He turns towards the shore where the boats had docked, "We're heading back!" He shouts.

A goblin marches up, chants a bit while moving his fingers and a portal opens up. Shortly after, the captain walks through and the soldiers begin to follow.

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2025-11-16 10:54:58):
Heron sighs. "I guess we're not getting paid yet" and follows the soldiers.

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-11-17 03:03:40):
"We're in the army now we have to wait until we return to camp to receive our pay.  Besides we still have that other message.  I think I'll pocket a few of the scrolls and arrows to resupply my quivers."

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-11-17 18:06:59):
With the assumption that you all follow, you find yourselves in the capital city of Asmarintine, Domusirex. It is the largest city in the known lands, and you are in the military district. 
Your group stands on a large carved platform, and by the looks of it, it was explicitly designed for teleportation. 

The other soldiers give their salutes to the captain as they walk by and continue on to their destinations. Captain Valerius simply waits for you all to approach before stopping you. "I have to get the upper brass involved in this incident. You four are all we have in ways of information regarding the release of Nith M'aera, and I am sure they will want to question you." He looks towards the same goblin that opened the portal and the goblin approaches you all to place a strange magical symbol on each of your hands.

The captain then continues, "Do not leave the city until then. You may pick up your rewards from the quartermaster and venture within the walls of Domusirex." He points to the location of the quartermaster as he speaks. "I will try to get this meeting scheduled immediately, but it may take a few days for everyone to arrive." A slight flicker of compassion crosses his stern face. "May the twins make your time here comfortable and rewarding." With those words, he walks away.

The College of Cumeyr lies within the temple district of the city. There are many shops, inns, and other services available in the city. The quartermaster gives you each 15 gold, and your group has one week of downtime.

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2025-11-17 18:13:04):
Heron will take the party aside before they split up for the week, and invite them to a quiet tavern. "I think it's best we take a night and try to sort through these new memories, and have a cohesive story to tell the brass..."

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-11-18 00:40:48):
"True it is probably to late to seek anything tonight anyways." Berekit will follow where you lead. "As long as the place can accommodate my bulk."

**Jeremy Babayaga | #1 Svir** (2025-11-18 18:39:00):
I dont image we can say what actually happened with our dual memories

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-11-20 18:16:42):
So this tavern why do you like it Heron?

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2025-11-20 18:18:41):
"Oh. Well there used to be this pretty barmaid here when I first came through, but I'm not sure she's still around, but it had a table outside, should be plenty of space for you new.... bulk"

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-11-21 15:52:52):
"I appreciate it.  To bad we can't expense this back to the army.  So what was the maid's name. Was she someone you wanted to explore the future with?"

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2025-11-21 15:55:22):
"Nah, nothing that serious." Heron speaks as he walks through the streets, heading towards the tavern. "Just a pretty face in a strange city. Still haven't gotten used to all the noise. Have you anyone that you'd like to explore the future with? How'd that come about?"

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-11-21 23:40:58):
Berekit:  "Well i have been away from my tribe for a few years now.  So any tails I had been eyeing back then have found new suitors by now.  Truth be told I left my tribe searching for an orcish slave master who kidnapped several people from my tribe including my sister."

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2025-11-22 10:08:24):
Herons head does a strange little shake, "Oh damn. I didn't know that. Ieft my home because I need medicine for my mother. There's the tavern up ahead, The Garden View"

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-11-23 03:21:36):
-- START POST --

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-11-23 07:14:55):
The group arrives at The Garden View. The tavern itself looks to be quite small, but it has a large outdoor area covered by an awning made of a mesh of branches and greenery. Hanging above numerous wooden tables, small and large, are jars filled with rocks that glow softly. The air smells sweet of honey and apple. 

Outside an elvish woman is seen serving a table of off duty guardsman. She sees you approaching and waves you towards a table.

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-11-23 07:15:10):
*[image]*

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-11-23 07:16:35):
"Take a seat, and I'll be right over." She says to you all with a warm smile.

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-11-23 07:17:14):
-- END POST --

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2025-11-23 09:37:32):
Heron smiles when he first sees the serving woman, but perhaps stares a bit too long at her ears before pulling away. He sits at the table with the rest of the group and speaks. 

"These memories. I remember the old world so clearly, so perfectly. My home, my church. The certainty of the gods. The purity of their gifts. But I also remember the wizards and druids that I met while in this world. How can anyone have that much power? To be able to change the entire world like that? And everyone in it? Why didn't the gods stop that?"

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-11-25 03:39:55):
"I also remember that world as well it is the one I know I grew up in.  Just the confusion of moving from 2 legs to 4 was enough to shock my mind.  Sure, I know how a foal will get to its legs, I never thought I would have to apply that to myself.  But yet in that  moment it was natural. "  when the serving woman comes to the table.  "A pitcher of your standard ale for the table."  When she leaves.  "Seeing the world as it was and as it is now,  One could answer your question that a human hierophant or a coalition of the churches had the power to seal magic away.  However that would assume that magic existed at one point in the past before our generations and our grandparents generations to be sealed away."

**Jeremy Babayaga | #1 Svir** (2025-11-29 23:50:51):
"Imagine going from living to dead and human to a giant rat"

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-11-30 03:47:04):
"So you could tell us how that happened.  What killed you was it a wererator were you born Ysokai in this universe?"

**Jeremy Babayaga | #1 Svir** (2025-11-30 08:09:06):
"Neither of those I died a human child by an over zealous man from the mainland and let's just say a higher power wished me not to stay dead"

**Askaran Ottergryph | #1 Haku | #4 Scrit** (2025-11-30 08:14:05):
"Appearantly in this world I was born human as well.. I and me share the same fate.. we were cursed by cultists. Yet here, the cursed form took shape, while the other was able to supress it."

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-11-30 16:40:53):
"Are you aware of this higher power? do they still exist?  Do you plan on seeking revenge against them Ali?" Turning back to Waldermar.  "The same for you do you seek Vengeance against the people who cursed you as well?"

**Jeremy Babayaga | #1 Svir** (2025-11-30 20:04:34):
"I do know who it was and no i dont plan to seek revenge at least not on her. I plan to crush the overly zealous man and his group however. The power that changed me was one I worshipped in both timelines and no until I know you all better my faith stays with me"

**Jeremy Babayaga | #1 Svir** (2025-11-30 21:45:07):
"How different were the life you all led compared to what we had before the ritual"

