# Theria — 2026-01

*PBP transcript archived by PathWarsNudge bot.*

---

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2026-01-06 21:22:53):
*[image]* The birds eventually land in front of a young woman. Her eyes are a brilliant amber, and her auburn hair is wild and unkempt. Her tight-fitting dress resembles green foliage more than cloth, and her feet are bare. 

"We've been waiting for you." She says, her voice echoes as if a vast chasm sat between you and her. She does not say anything else. She simply turns and walks into the empty college.

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2026-01-07 01:54:30):
Berekit looks the Druid over to see if he recognizes her or if she bears any religious indications.  "I assume you sent the birds, ma'am.  Can you advise who is waiting for us and what your name is?"  he looks to the rest of the party to see if they have any inclination before slowly following after her.

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2026-01-08 18:03:22):
She turns to the group, and as she does, her form changes.

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2026-01-08 18:03:45):
*[image]* To that of a child.

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2026-01-08 18:06:14):
A wide smile appears, and a small giggle erupts from her before she responds. 

"I'll tell you, but you have to catch me first!" With those words, she darts down a hall, a child-like laugh echoing from it.

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2026-01-14 16:53:22):
Berekit groans.  "A centaur should not be running in a hall.  Who knows who I might trample."  He does pick up his gait to move down the hall faster just to keep the child in sight.

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2026-01-19 19:31:05):
"You gotta start running somewhere berekit, you might forget how" 

"C'mere kiddo! I know a fun game we can play!"

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2026-01-20 17:15:18):
"I think that might scare the child more.  The rest of you slow pokes might want to hustle as well."

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2026-01-20 19:21:22):
Every time your group rounds a corner, you barely catch a glimpse of the girl rounding another corner herself. This cat-and-mouse chase lasts for well over eight minutes, and as your group gets ready to stop and debate their next course of action, you end up in a room with the little girl now back into the form you encountered initially. 

The room is large with various stone arches built into the walls. A semicircular table, four to five meters wide, sits in the center of the room, with seven stone chairs spread along its circumference. The flat edge of the table faces your group. 

The woman pulls back a chair at the left end of the table and sits in it. Before your group has a chance to speak, one of the arches along the wall cackles with a strange blue energy, then emits an audible "pop" and a bright flash. Once sight has been restored, an elderly man stands in its place. He slowly moves towards the center chair and sits. He licks his lips as he adjusts his glasses before waving a hand over the surface in front of him, stacks of paper, feather pens, and a couple of inkwells appearing as he does so. 

After grabbing a quill and dipping it in ink, he looks up at your group and speaks in a raspy voice. "So, in your own words, please explain what happened."

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2026-01-20 19:21:48):
*[image]* The man before you, more or less ^

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2026-01-21 16:26:24):
Berekit looks about the chamber then bows to the elder gentleman.  "Well some context into what events you are seeking are perspective on may help to guide this interrogation.  Also could you tell us who you are?"

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2026-01-23 17:29:21):
You can feel the man's gaze as his eyes shift upward above the glass of his spectacles towards you. He once again wets his lips before sitting up a bit to respond.
"I feel no need to introduce myself," He says in his raspy voice, "though I do not think you all so foolish to not have figured it out." He then leans back over his sheet of paper, "and I am asking about the events that led up to and after the releasing of the seal on Nith M'aera." He scribbles down a short note, "and possibly what you remember of your lives before."

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2026-01-23 17:34:44):
Heron speaks, strongly but with disbelief. "Were you the one who sealed her?"

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2026-01-23 17:35:42):
*[image]* Religion check to try to recognize this person from religious texts or sermons. Is it actually a form of Cumeyr?

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2026-01-23 18:05:59):
Heron is almost certain that the man before him is Cumeyr.

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2026-01-25 13:46:30):
Berekit enters a formal parade stance and then says, " We were serving as a mercenary squad and assisting in locating and eliminating a cult that was attempting to do a ritual to summon Nith M'aera.  Our squad was lead by one of the main forces Lt's.  Once we landed on the beach we eventually discovered a trail to a cavern and entered it.  Shortly thereafter the Lt helped us to discover a pit trap and died.  Knowing that if the cultists were to succeed we as a party decided to move on and see if we could find proof that this was their lair.

After pushing on we did enter their underground complex, but not believing we would have enough time to wait for reinforcements we moved in to clear the first room as quickly and as quietly we could.  Once that room was secured we sent a message back to the main army and continued forward as we heard the ritual in progress.

We snuck into the ritual chamber and attempted to eliminate as many as the cultists as we could to disrupt the ceremony and save the sacrifice.  We thought we had been successful except one of the cultists sacrificed themselves at that last moment and the world of just humans that we knew no longer existed.  

Who we believe to be N'ith Maera appeared and charged us to deliver a message to the rest of you which I assume this is it.  She's back and probably not to happy with her family.  As far as what we remember from before.  Only we have those memories, everyone else we talked to believe that this reality is the way it always was."

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2026-01-26 17:03:45):
The old man's left eyebrow raises as he hears you say 'not too happy with her family', but scribbles down the note anyway. After you finish your recollection, he sets down his quill and raises himself into a more comfortable-looking posture in his chair.

"Hmm..." he mutters, "was it intentional? Or was it due to proximity..." His hand strokes his beard in thought before he more or less snaps his attention back to the group. "This should not have happened. I specifically charged Dyrena in this task to ensure this did not happen."

He stands up and slowly makes his way around the desk as he speaks. "Nith M'aera may have been released, but she is still incomplete." 

"She will seek more power." As he reaches your group, a map of the region forms in the air between you. On it, several red dots form. About a dozen, but you are so focused on this old man's voice, it is hard to count the exact number.

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2026-01-26 17:08:19):
"You see," he continues, "I had to seal her away bit by bit until I could finally put her away for good." Indicating the red dots.

"I need you to go to these locations," many of the dots fade aside from three. "When you arrive there, I will ask you to use these." He pulls out several owl figurines and hands them to you.

"I do not know why you all still have your memories of the time before. I am not sure if it is part of her plan or not quite yet." He says this as he heads back towards his chair. "But she is a being of pure chaos. She must be stopped."

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2026-01-26 17:21:34):
"what will the owl figures do? Reinforce the seal? How was she able to change everything so fast?"

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2026-01-26 17:39:05):
"Those are fragments of my power." He responds casually. "If she should enter that location, it should buy enough time for me to transport myself there." 

He sits back down into his chair. "Only I have enough power to stop her." 

((I will allow a perception check as he says this))

He then shifts his conversation to your second question. "Nith M'aera is incredibly powerful. Her power stems from her will to put order into discord. I imagine her will has only increased during her time sealed away."

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2026-01-26 17:41:12):
"What will happen to everyone when you finally seal her away for good? Will berekit return to normal?"

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2026-01-26 17:41:40):
*[image]*

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2026-01-26 17:48:18):
Heron notices that the woman clad in leaves averted her gaze from the old man and grips her chair tightly when he mentions his power.

The old man replies to your question. "Everything will be as it should once her influence is removed."

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2026-01-27 18:10:08):
Heron takes some time to compose himself after his rapid fire questions earlier. With a breathe he asks softly. 
"Why am I the only one who hasn't been changed?"

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2026-01-27 18:22:43):
"There was no guarantee of change to begin with." The old man answers plainly. His eyes wander in thought from his own statement. "Though it does seem that those closest to the epicenter carried the greatest changes..." He mutters aloud.

"I honestly cannot say if it was luck or something more." He then peers at you, his gaze grows in intensity. "Why do you ask?"

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2026-01-27 18:27:34):
Heron is somewhat taken aback by the return question, but responds. 
"I.. I don't know. It seems to me like everyone in the world has been changed by her release. I can't help but think it strange that I remain the way I was"

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2026-01-27 18:45:29):
His eyes soften at your response. "Well, I wouldn't dwell on it too much as of yet." He stands up from his seat once more. "Are there any other questions or clarification related to the event or your task?"

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2026-01-27 18:47:34):
Heron steels himself after that response.
"What dangers are we to expect? If you were able to seek us out to do your bidding, it stands that N'ith is able to do the same?"

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2026-01-27 18:57:45):
A spry smile shows on his face. ((Perception checks welcomed))  "The world is different now." He says as he steps away from his chair. "You will encounter strange and dangerous creatures in your travels, I am sure."

"The nearest location I am sending you crosses through a swamp. At one time, the most dangerous threat you could face would have been toxins or disease. Now, I assume, those won't be your only threats." 

He starts to walk towards one of the archways on the wall. "If you do encounter Nith, just use one of those trinkets I gave you and run. Though I doubt she has any more interest in you now." He begins to chant in an unknown language and the archway starts to fill with a cackling blue energy.

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2026-01-28 01:11:03):
'So sir, was it your intention to lock away all arcane magics and to humanize the entire world?  Will that remain after what you plan is completed?"

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2026-01-28 20:03:54):
The old man stops his chant, and the cackling energy subsides. He turns slowly towards Berekit, locking eyes with him. "My intention is to return things to how they have always been."

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2026-01-28 20:07:14):
There is a coldness in his voice. "I know your memories have become a mess and everything here has become complicated." His back straightens a bit. "Would it help put you at ease if I were to explain why Nith M'aera was sealed away?

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2026-01-28 21:32:33):
"It would help us to understand."

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2026-01-28 22:06:43):
Moving back to his chair, the old man takes a seat. "You see," He says as he waves a hand in the air, the room begins to shimmer and shift to somewhere else, an illusion. It depicts the words he speaks. 

"Nith M'aera used to be a devout follower of The Seven. In exchange for her devotion, we granted her power. All was well at first; she went to towns and temples and carried out our wills as many of our followers do." 

You can hear his voice shift from a kind of pride to disappointment. "But she was not satisfied with what we had bestowed on her. She desired more. She learned to pocket away our grace into various trinkets, effectively increasing the amount of divinity she holds." 

"We were none the wiser then, and when we learned of this betrayal, it was too late. She had stored enough of our power to ascend herself. She was now capable of bestowing power to herself, anyone, or anything she so chose to."

"Admittedly, we had grown lazy. We relied on our followers to help us realize our hopes and dreams for the world. The Seven grow in power through the faith of our followers, like wood in a flame. Nith learned of this and dispersed her own power into the world, creating followers and adding fuel to her flame. She created terrible-looking monsters to instill fear into our own followers, challenging their faith."

He rises from his chair once more. "The world began to live in fear. Cities were put to ruin. Innocent blood flowed like rivers. And we were losing the strength to stop her." A small chuckle emits from him. "But I became inspired. I learned how she originally stole the power we had bestowed on her. I learned how to pocket away her own grace into trinkets, weakening her." 

The illusion starts to fade. "And once she was weakened, I challenged her in a remote region of this world. Even then, I was unable to end her entirely. I was only able to prevent her power from exiting the bubble I encapsulated her in."

He makes his way back towards the arched wall. "This world has been changed to inspire others to place their faith in her, and to challenge our own domains. Do not be fooled into thinking that we sealed away magic, that is her invention with the goal to sow doubt. We had only sealed her."

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2026-01-28 22:10:59):
He begins chanting once more, and the energy coalesces into a portal. "Atrix..." The girl in the room shoots up from her chair. "Make sure they have what they need for their travels. Once they are on their way, find Dyrena."

She bows, "Yes, brother." The old man then steps through the portal; an audible "pop" is heard, and the energy, along with the old man, is gone.

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2026-01-29 16:54:54):
"If we gather enough of your power, we can ascend to godhood?"

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2026-01-29 17:32:17):
The woman looks slightly nervous, as if unsure how to answer the question. "Well, that's possible, as you heard." She seems to find confidence with her next sentence. "But we are much more careful now! We don't just pour our energy into people willy-nilly anymore."

Her form breaks down into a pile of leaves that blow past you, reforming in the doorway. "If you would follow me, I can get you ready for your journey!"

With that, Ali, Waldemar, and Sylvanis decline the task for various personal reasons.

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2026-01-29 17:34:35):
Heron eyes the woman, turns to berekit, and side eyes the woman again. 

"What do you say berekit? In it for the start, in it for the end?"

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2026-01-29 19:00:53):
"My mother told me to listen to the wind.  It appears to have blown through us and is directing our path.  So I follow for now."  He then trots in the direction the goddess went.  "Pardon,  You seem concerned about something ma'am.  Is it something we should be aware of?"

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2026-01-30 22:10:52):
The leaves on the woman shift into something that looks more like a normal commoner's dress, and her once bright amber eyes turn into a dull hazel. Even her skin looks less vibrant.

She begins to lead you through the halls and out of the college, and in contrast to earlier, the building is now bustling with activity. 

"First, we must acquire more company for you. I suspect the journey will be challenging, and you cannot afford to fail."

It is apparent that she knows where she is going, as her movements look direct and calculated. Eventually, she stops outside one of the guard houses. A short and stout woman steps out, rubbing her head as she looks over a piece of parchment.

Atrix steps in front of her intentionally, causing a gentle, although abrupt, collision.

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2026-01-30 22:11:26):
*[image]* ((The dwarf in question ^))

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2026-01-30 22:54:10):
Atrix will turn towards the other two and say "this one will accompany you. Her instinct and sharp mind shall prove to be invaluable."

She turns back towards Varalia, gazing into her eyes. A flash of green light emits from her sockets, blinding you temporarily. While unable to see, your mind is filled with imagery of another world... no, your world, but different. Theria has no dwarves. Duhaaren, a great Dwarven masterpiece of a city, built inside a mountain is rather a large keep built on top of one. You look at your normally large hands, and they are replaced with something far more dainty and frail looking. Your father, a human man, a successful miner. Your mother, a human woman, an equally successful blacksmith.

These memories feel real, as if they are your own, but they cannot be, for you know your life. Or do you?

"I have removed Nith M'aera's influence over you." Atrix says as your sight returns. "You need to accompany these two to the swamp lands south of here. If you choose to accept, I grant you the information you seek."

**chaotic canadian** (2026-01-30 23:04:15):
*[image]* (The cane for those interested)

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2026-01-31 01:40:25):
"Hello, I am Berekit, I originally hale from the wastes.  If what Atrix did was as unnerving as what happened to us, Please take a moment to gather your thoughts.  If you have any questions feel free to ask the two of us."  The centaur says.

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2026-01-31 03:22:12):
"For us the reverse happened, Our whole lives we were but human.  Once N'th was released the world changed and many of us changed.  We had both memories, a world of humans and no arcane magics then this world that we are in now.  I think I like this reality much more as there is more variety more to life.  I was a monk in the other life, here I am a Magus a Sagatiri or Arcane Archer"  He reaches down to to grip the arm of the dwarf  "@Linksanelf2006 Atrix?  Will we have time to gather a few supplies before we must depart?  I would like to get inks and other arcane materials to attempt to scribe some spells?"

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2026-01-31 05:19:30):
Atrix will turn towards Berekit, "you will have time. And resources." Her eyes dont appear to be looking at you, they look distracted, as if trying to find something beyond you.

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2026-01-31 18:25:47):
Berekit turns around after seeing Ateix staring past him.  "Uhm?  I don't have flies swarming behind me?"

