# Grand Explorers — 2025-09

*PBP transcript archived by PathWarsNudge bot.*

---

**Ryo Yamakawa | #1 Rax | #6 Fierce Leopard Cyrus** (2025-09-01 09:46:52):
*[image]* Cyrus follows after, making his way through the room and reaching the remaining pixie he swings his sword and strikes the fey.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-09-01 09:59:43):
*[image]*

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-09-01 09:59:56):
COMBAT.

Encounter name: Eco TERRORISTS: Sugar addict fey!

Encounter started: August 31st at 18:46.

Round 1

> Unacted.

>> - Anaiel Black-Steel @HistoricallyInaccurate

>> - Illani @ArtyArtillery

>> - Aekold Black-Steel @Nemesiux

>> - Verge @TheTeberon

>> - Axtrakee @StorybookRhizome 

> Acted.

>> - Scrit @Askarans

>> - Rubel @MrNegetZ

>> - Cyrus @RyoYamakawa

**StorybookRhizome | #5 Laetheron | 09: Arctus** (2025-09-01 21:28:56):
*[image]* Twilight will reach into his body and Flurry of Blows, throwing two seedpods at the remaining faerie. He considers unleashing a blast of volcanic energy, but realizes doing that in a cramped wooden house is probably not a great idea. Instead, he shields himself and prepares to give Guidance to anyone that wants it.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-09-03 10:05:48):
*[image]*

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-09-03 13:24:21):
COMBAT.

Encounter name: Eco TERRORISTS: Sugar addict fey!

Encounter started: August 31st at 18:46.

Round 1

> Unacted.

>> - Anaiel Black-Steel @HistoricallyInaccurate

>> - Illani @ArtyArtillery

>> - Aekold Black-Steel @Nemesiux

>> - Verge @TheTeberon

> Acted.

>> - Axtrakee @StorybookRhizome 

>> - Scrit @Askarans

>> - Rubel @MrNegetZ

>> - Cyrus @RyoYamakawa

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-09-05 00:25:08):
COMBAT.

Encounter name: Eco TERRORISTS: Sugar addict fey!

Encounter started: August 31st at 18:46.

Round 1

> Unacted.

>> - Anaiel Black-Steel @HistoricallyInaccurate

>> - Illani @ArtyArtillery

>> - Aekold Black-Steel @Nemesiux

>> - Verge @TheTeberon

> Acted.

>> - Axtrakee @StorybookRhizome 

>> - Scrit @Askarans

>> - Rubel @MrNegetZ

>> - Cyrus @RyoYamakawa

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-09-05 00:25:20):
>> - Anaiel Black-Steel @HistoricallyInaccurate

>> - Illani @ArtyArtillery

>> - Aekold Black-Steel @Nemesiux

>> - Verge @TheTeberon

**Eimer Hone** (2025-09-05 17:28:04):
Anaiel follows into the room. Anaiel takes her rifle and tries to shot the closest terrorists. 

(Need to do the rolls)

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-09-05 18:04:39):
Axtra is confused and afraid of what is happening outside her jar prison. She presses herself to the furthest edge and lowers herself into its corner, trying to make herself as small as possible, hoping that whatever comes from this fight, it leaves her intact.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-09-06 10:18:02):
*[image]*

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-09-06 10:18:14):
Anaiel hits, killing the pixie.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-09-06 10:18:22):
COMBAT OVER.

**Eimer Hone** (2025-09-06 10:54:58):
“Well, glad that is over. What’s next?” Anaiel turns to look at everyone.

**StorybookRhizome | #5 Laetheron | 09: Arctus** (2025-09-06 15:39:30):
Twilight will walk up to the jar and ask, "do you want help getting out of there?"

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-09-06 16:01:35):
Axtra avoids eye contact, and nods her head. She feels herself drifting, the adrenaline she was experiencing fading, being replaced with the chemicals in the jar intended to make her sleep.

**StorybookRhizome | #5 Laetheron | 09: Arctus** (2025-09-07 01:20:56):
Twilight looks at the jar, which looks real large up close then at his short self and ask, "Um, can someone tall help un... unjar? the jar?"

**Antoine / Anthony = Allisee** (2025-09-07 02:17:18):
Rubel approaches the jar and inspects it.
"Hmm... Can't we just break it?"

**Ryo Yamakawa | #1 Rax | #6 Fierce Leopard Cyrus** (2025-09-07 02:20:20):
"I mean, breaking it might hurt them. We should at least try opening it normally first." Cyrus stands over the two of them as he examines the jar.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-09-07 15:28:31):
What next? :)

**Eimer Hone** (2025-09-08 18:26:43):
Anaiel takes 10 minutes to open the jar. 

Athletics = +4

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-09-08 18:27:42):
@Linksanelf2006 

Axtra, you are free to climb out of the jar 🫙

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-09-08 18:52:13):
Axtra, eyes fluttering, slowly reaches up to the opening in the jar and uses as much energy as she can muster to pull herself over the edge and crawl out. 
She gives another audible yawn and tries to shake off the sleepiness. Manually blinking a few times, she begins to feel a bit more normal. "Thank you," she says to the group, "much appreciated." 
She glances around, as if looking for something, and then starts to make a noise, "Pss, pss, pss." Shortly after, a small fwoosh of fire occurs near Axtra and leaves behind a small cat made of fire. "There's a good Kat..." she speaks to it while giving a pat on the head. 
"Anyways, I'm Axtrakeela. You can call me Axtra if you'd like." Now speaking to her rescuers. "Where is this place?"

**Cannon McMahon | Illiani #5 GE | Nadya #4 MW** (2025-09-08 19:59:38):
"Hi Axtra! I'm Illiani, and we're in Sevenarches, in the southern river kingdoms on Avistan. Are you from nearby here?"

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-09-08 20:13:18):
With a look of disappointment, Axtra responds, "I am not." She tries to think. "To be honest, last I remember, I was up in the mountains. I think the Rimethirst?" She stated this as a question, as she wasn't entirely sure if she was actually in the Rimethirst Mountains or if she was further north.

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-09-08 21:16:58):
A small sigh of relief comes from Axtra's mouth. "Nice to meet you Rubel, Illiani..." She then looks to the others in the room.

**StorybookRhizome | #5 Laetheron | 09: Arctus** (2025-09-08 21:33:23):
Twilight chirps out, "Heya, I'm Twilight. Nice to meet ya! I only woke up real recent myself."

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-09-08 22:03:12):
"OH MY GOODNESS!" Axtra jumps nearly three feet into the air and then squats down near the little Leshy. "You are soooo cute!" she says as she attempts to pet Twilight.

**Askaran Ottergryph | #1 Haku | #4 Scrit** (2025-09-08 22:14:15):
"My name is Scrit." An upright walking pangolin says with a faint smile tugged on the lips of his long snout. 
"I too got captured and kept prisoner here.."

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-09-08 22:30:17):
With a gasp, Axtra stops her petting of Twilight and shoots back upright and begins to circle around Scrit, looking at his scales. "They... are..." Her eyes wide in amazement, "Beautiful."

**Ryo Yamakawa | #1 Rax | #6 Fierce Leopard Cyrus** (2025-09-08 22:46:37):
"I'm Cyrus. I was the one brought here from Tian Xia.  I don't normally look like this but I think I angered the ones that did this to us." Cyrus motions to the shimmering black and yellow tattoos that shine through his golden wheat fur and even curl up his horns.

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-09-08 23:00:58):
Turning to face Cyrus, Axtra slowly looks up to meet his gaze from her short, five-footish frame. "Wow..." She says about both his size and the tattoos. "They look pretty. Sorry, you got them against your will." The words reminded her of her own marking, and she felt a slight sting from the thought.

**Ryo Yamakawa | #1 Rax | #6 Fierce Leopard Cyrus** (2025-09-08 23:52:48):
"It's alright, I'm sure that I'll find some way to remove them. Maybe once we find out what happened to us."

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-09-09 11:51:54):
What next? :)

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-09-09 16:55:33):
Seeing all the friendly faces around her makes Axtra think of her siblings back home when she was a child, making her feel warm inside. She cherishes the memory before snapping back to the unfamiliar room.
"Anyways, nice to meet you all. Do any of you know where we should go next for these answers?" she asks.

**StorybookRhizome | #5 Laetheron | 09: Arctus** (2025-09-09 23:15:33):
"Well, last I heard, we were going to find the leader of this conclave. Something about them planning to destroy civilization?"

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-09-09 23:23:18):
Axtra stands there listening intently, trying her best to stay focused on the discussion between Twilight and Rubel. However, it doesn't do much good, as she keeps getting distracted by how adorable Twilight is.

**StorybookRhizome | #5 Laetheron | 09: Arctus** (2025-09-10 00:05:19):
"I wasn't awake very recently, but everyone I've seen so far seems pretty aggressive, which isn't a good sign."

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-09-10 16:32:54):
"Do you have any idea where this leader is?" Axtra asks inquisitively. She moves towards the door and peeks out into the hall. "I wonder where they put my stuff," she mutters to herself.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-09-12 16:44:52):
What next? :)

**StorybookRhizome | #5 Laetheron | 09: Arctus** (2025-09-12 20:00:48):
Looking around, Twilight would like to help Axtra find where her stuff went if possible.

**StorybookRhizome | #5 Laetheron | 09: Arctus** (2025-09-12 20:33:49):
Is it locked?

**StorybookRhizome | #5 Laetheron | 09: Arctus** (2025-09-12 21:32:46):
I shall open it!

**StorybookRhizome | #5 Laetheron | 09: Arctus** (2025-09-12 21:33:49):
"Hey, Axtra! Found your stuff!" And Twilight waves his stubby arms as if you'd need help finding him in the small room

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-09-13 04:39:01):
Axtra will kneel down to Twilight, "Thank you so much!" She says and then proceeds give them gentle pat on the head before picking up her items. 
"Are we going left or right out of here?"

**StorybookRhizome | #5 Laetheron | 09: Arctus** (2025-09-14 06:54:00):
Twilight will point towards the door we hadn't entered yet and say, "that's the door we haven't gone through yet, so that one. Hmm, wait, did anyone see any other doors on the way here?"

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-09-14 16:42:54):
Ok, so next room.

**StorybookRhizome | #5 Laetheron | 09: Arctus** (2025-09-15 02:55:26):
So what do we see?

**StorybookRhizome | #5 Laetheron | 09: Arctus** (2025-09-15 05:46:43):
"This place is a whole lot bigger than I thought."

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-09-16 03:06:03):
Do you try to open the door ?

**Askaran Ottergryph | #1 Haku | #4 Scrit** (2025-09-18 20:37:29):
wrong chat whoops

**Antoine / Anthony = Allisee** (2025-09-18 20:37:35):
It became a bear

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-09-19 02:19:45):
This also would be why not more people run down the treehouse at the sound of noise, they assumed either the guard would deal with it or the boobytraps would. 

This place is very well defended.

**Antoine / Anthony = Allisee** (2025-09-19 02:25:54):
There's a path on the right too

**Antoine / Anthony = Allisee** (2025-09-23 06:09:01):
In that case Rubel will ask everyone that doesn't want to help disable the trap to get out. Then he'll disarm the trap by cutting the wire from the door while holding it in place(or ask a helper to hold it) and then he'll attach/wrap the wire around something static like a nail that he'll have placed before hand  so the tension will stay the same since he doesn't know if it works if tension is applied, released, or both.

**Cannon McMahon | Illiani #5 GE | Nadya #4 MW** (2025-09-23 06:11:32):
Illi will help 🤚

**Cannon McMahon | Illiani #5 GE | Nadya #4 MW** (2025-09-23 06:14:03):
It's the wrong world atm lol but illi has a +7 for the help and someone else can just roll that ig

**Antoine / Anthony = Allisee** (2025-09-23 09:01:59):
Actually since i have bonuses on aid i'll aid her instead since we have the same thievery bonus for now.

**Antoine / Anthony = Allisee** (2025-09-23 09:03:09):
*[image]* (Rolled both since @ArtyArtillery said to)

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-09-23 11:15:13):
You deactivate the explosive trap.

**Antoine / Anthony = Allisee** (2025-09-23 14:37:26):
Well we can have everyone back up in the room and peek through the door into the next room(most likely empty of hostiles because of the trap but we never know).

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-09-23 17:11:12):
Kat leaps onto Axtra's shoulder as the group leans over to peer into the room, trying to stay out of the way.

**StorybookRhizome | #5 Laetheron | 09: Arctus** (2025-09-25 23:22:51):
Sooo, what's in there?

