# Magni Watch — 2025-03

*PBP transcript archived by PathWarsNudge bot.*

---

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-04 15:47:44):
Short story: You're the police.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-09 16:47:24):
Lieutenant Lavarsus is a large human man with curly, graying blond hair. 

Lavarsus has a broad belly, a gilded nightstick slung in his belt, and an unlit cigar clamped in his teeth.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-19 16:14:53):
The group have been gathered in Lavarsus's office to sign their magical work contract then receive their enchanted policing badge and equipment.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-20 04:00:51):
Lieutenant Lavarsus impatiently waits behind his desk.

**Cannon McMahon | Illiani #5 GE | Nadya #4 MW** (2025-03-20 06:20:34):
Nadya wanders into the office. Late. She appears as a kitsune with rust-orange colored fur, with a timid white stripe running down her front. She wears the armored coat often assigned to guards, and a belt upon which a cluster of vials and reagents in pouches are attached. Her uniform is brand new, but improperly worn - unbuttoned at the top. Foxfolk are rare this far west, but she has dark purple eyes that mark her as likely varisian by descent. She steps into the room and tries to find a spot away from any unshaded windows.

"This the place they told me to get to? The magniwatch thing?"

**Revan | Anthony (not french) | SF Lysae Lysandra #4 MW** (2025-03-22 22:21:30):
A rather claustrophobic-looking centaur looks over from the window she is warily looking out of and shakes her head reproachfully at Nadya, but says nothing. She is huge compared to the standards of the other people in the room, although a little small for a centaur, not quite reaching seven feet tall. Her long silvery-white braids whirl behind her as she shakes her head before glowering at the unbuttoned uniform, doing a small half-turn as she turns to look out the window again that just happens to show of her immaculately maintained, gleaming red and gold armor.

**Revan | Anthony (not french) | SF Lysae Lysandra #4 MW** (2025-03-22 22:45:44):
Lysandra gives no overt sign of displeasure at Lieutenant Lavarsus' tone or suggestions, but her silver eyes flash for a moment. "Yes, I am fleet of hoof," she says sweetly, "and I am also capable of carrying my colleagues into battle."

**Cannon McMahon | Illiani #5 GE | Nadya #4 MW** (2025-03-23 00:25:06):
"Everyone has their rightful place, mine is behind the soldiers. You'll learn to appreciate me. Perhaps you'll trust me, even."

She holds a hand up to shades her eyes from the sunlight, and uses the other hand to retrieve a small vial from a pouch on her hip. She drinks from the vial. Nadya grimaces a bit, her ears twitch back, and she sticks her tongue out for a moment. Then she relaxes, lowers her hand, and glances around the room with a renewed interest.

"Bleh. You have a lot of windows."

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-24 01:57:30):
Lieutenant Lavarsus lights his cigar, awaiting the rest of the group.

**Cannon McMahon | Illiani #5 GE | Nadya #4 MW** (2025-03-24 05:32:10):
If we're smoking in here Nadya will hit some flayleaf. She'll offer some to Lysandra, an alchemist should always bring enough for everyone.

**Bronwyn Liddle** (2025-03-24 20:12:39):
👀

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-25 09:07:57):
Lieutenant Lavarsus says Korvosa with much disdain as most Magnimarians do.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-25 09:08:16):
Lieutenant Lavarsus's clenched fist relaxes and he takes a fat hit of his cigar.

