# Doomsday Funtime — 2024-12

*PBP transcript archived by PathWarsNudge bot.*

---

**Path Wars** [GM] (2024-12-08 07:34:28):
## Session 227. 2024 December 7th Saturday + 4710 AR, 27th Arodus. + Bounty #7: Seagull island part 2.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2024-12-08 07:34:31):
*[image]*

**Path Wars** [GM] (2024-12-19 14:36:47):
Zarzan Quilit's ooze familiar you already encountered, Nazraz, appears on his shoulder.

Nazraz looks at the group:
"Thanks for saving my master."

Zarzan Quilit seems to barely register the party as he stares out at sea.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2024-12-19 14:37:23):
What happens next? :)

**Horia/Mike/Michael/Nem (Selenor) [Pathfinder]** (2024-12-19 14:58:37):
"Although, do not despair. We have established a connection with the spirit of a Dragon Rider captain, should you wish to speak with one of your kind."

**Path Wars** [GM] (2024-12-19 16:06:10):
Zarzan Quilit is still for a moment.

He lets out a long sigh.

Zarzan Quilit says:

"Wow.
I thought it was all finally coming together, and now this. THIS.

It's unbelievable, do you know how much effort I put in to get this far?
How much I lusted for knowledge?"

Zarzan Quilit lets out another sigh.

He turns to you Selenor and says:

"Those are the shards of sin.

You have THREE shards of sin.

A MORTAL. HOW?"

Zarzan Quilit stops raising his voice and looks at you, really looks at you.

Zarzan Quilit's eyes go wide in surprise.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2024-12-19 16:08:01):
Zarzan Quilit yells:

"SORSHEN?

Wait. 
No.
One of her clone bodies!
But...corrupted, changed.
You are male, how are you male?"

Zarzan Quilit moves his hand creating a small series of runes in the air that hover, shivering with power:
"That's a strange curse you've gotten there.
A gender-lock spell.
And your name, also locked.
For what purpose?"

Zarzan Quilit laughs, and he laughs, and he laughs some more.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2024-12-19 16:12:08):
When Zarzan Quilit finishes laughing he looks at you:
"I must say, although I am miserable about this whole thing, if that's even a strong enough way to word how I am feeling, I am certainly glad to see you.

You all.

IF many of this new world is as strange as you all, then at least there will be plenty to learn."

Selenor you feel a pressure on your mind.

Zarzan Quilit says:

"Hmm your surface thoughts are most interesting.

You seem to actually believe yourself to be a lord of sin, you a 6th-rank spell caster.
Funny stuff.
No there can be no more sin lords, the power of the title seems to have been...fully destroyed.

I must peer into the past and learn more of this world."

**Path Wars** [GM] (2024-12-19 16:14:10):
Zarzan Quilit goes to turn around the stops:

".....extraterrestrial threats?
Cypher mages?
Dragon Rider captains are still alive?"

Zarzan Quilit laughs again then looks miserable a second later:

"AHHHH.
I know NOTHING.
AGAIN.
SHIT."

Zarzan Quilit turns to the ocean and starts to chant words of arcane power.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2024-12-19 16:14:50):
Individual pieces of sand float just off the surface of the ground and small droplets of water form on the surface of the ocean.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2024-12-19 16:15:09):
What happens next as Zarzan Quilit begins to cast...something.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2024-12-19 16:15:12):
:)

**Horia/Mike/Michael/Nem (Selenor) [Pathfinder]** (2024-12-19 17:13:28):
"The difference between me and the old runelords is that I won't be blinded by sin.

I am also the wielder of truthteller and even without the sword my virtue is that I don't lie or betray.
Even Sorshen the runelord of lust realised that sin or rather lust alone can not and will not lead to a happy life. 
Later during her life she fell in love with a vampire individual.... that is all we know

Much of your history has been lost...."

**Horia/Mike/Michael/Nem (Selenor) [Pathfinder]** (2024-12-19 18:05:31):
"You have 8 years to consider me as an ally"

**Horia/Mike/Michael/Nem (Selenor) [Pathfinder]** (2024-12-19 18:12:35):
(This is what he shows to the mage but a chibi version of it)

**Path Wars** [GM] (2024-12-20 02:36:56):
Cardigan says:

"Uh Selenor, should I contact Tammerhawk?"

**Horia/Mike/Michael/Nem (Selenor) [Pathfinder]** (2024-12-20 02:39:48):
"I can teleport us to the Lady's light and she can pick us up from there"

**Horia/Mike/Michael/Nem (Selenor) [Pathfinder]** (2024-12-20 02:40:51):
"Tomahawk could scry on us and then teleport to us"

**Path Wars** [GM] (2024-12-20 02:42:00):
Cardigan:

"Okie dokie."

**Path Wars** [GM] (2024-12-20 02:42:50):
10 minutes later Tammerhawk arrives via teleportation with Brodert Quink.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2024-12-20 02:49:50):
*[image]*

**Path Wars** [GM] (2024-12-20 02:50:23):
*[(File not included. Change data exporting settings to download.)]*

**Path Wars** [GM] (2024-12-20 02:51:13):
Brodert Quink looks mind blown:
"I..now this is...I don't even know where to begin."

**Path Wars** [GM] (2024-12-20 02:53:24):
Tammerhawk:
"I know exactly where to start.
I heard time windows.
If he can open many windows I sure as hell can open one."

Tammerhawk pulls out a sea shell of sending and whispers into the shell.

**Horia/Mike/Michael/Nem (Selenor) [Pathfinder]** (2024-12-20 02:53:55):
"I believe that is how your so called prophesy might become true"

**Horia/Mike/Michael/Nem (Selenor) [Pathfinder]** (2024-12-20 02:54:20):
"There are two ways to bring back a destroyed soul: powerful time magic or powerful necromancy"

**Horia/Mike/Michael/Nem (Selenor) [Pathfinder]** (2024-12-20 02:57:51):
Selenor switched suddenly to necril "That means we get to devour the runelord of gluttony and Urgathoa!" after that he returns to normal

**Path Wars** [GM] (2024-12-20 03:33:50):
Tammerhawk looks at Brodert:
"Don't you get it Brodert?

THIS. This is what we have been looking for.

A chance to learn about the cypher gate!
To learn about what happened to us!
41 years ago!
When Cardigan first came to Riddleport!"

**Path Wars** [GM] (2024-12-20 03:36:27):
Brodert looks at Selenor and the party quite seriously:
"What Elisa is suggesting is profoundly dangerous.
We could cause unknown damage.
What do yous lot think?"

Brodert adjusts his glasses again and strokes his cat familiar:
"I would love to learn the truth, but the truth often comes with pain.
Tell me, what should we do heroes?"

**Path Wars** [GM] (2024-12-20 03:36:32):
What happens next? :)

**Path Wars** [GM] (2024-12-20 14:34:54):
Elisa Tammerhawk's lip looks to shake for a moment, emotional seeing Brodert hugging you.

The moment passes.

The Grandmaster of the Cyphermages turns to the Rune Wheel.

And she begins to cast.

Runes (the more basic kind that arcane casters create when casting a spell) appear below her feet.

**Horia/Mike/Michael/Nem (Selenor) [Pathfinder]** (2024-12-20 14:44:29):
"I do warn you that when the time demigod used its powers agents of the dominion appeared"

**Path Wars** [GM] (2024-12-24 11:53:07):
Session 228.
Selenor's 100th session. 

28th Arodus.

It is 9am.
The day after the awakening of the Rune wheel.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2024-12-29 01:24:47):
## Session 229. 2024 December 28th Saturday + 4710 AR, 28th Arodus. + Osiria ritual part 1.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2024-12-29 01:24:59):
Sandpoint homebase.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2024-12-29 01:26:13):
Keleri says, stepping into the room briefly:
"A brief pause to.... Is that glass on the floor?
Nevermind, deliberate amongst yourselves."

**Path Wars** [GM] (2024-12-30 22:00:14):
Session 230. 2024 December 29th Sunday + 4710 AR, 28th Arodus. + Osiria ritual part 2.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2024-12-30 22:00:30):
The group has gotten the artefacts.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2024-12-30 22:01:10):
And has returned to the House of the Kobra spa and hotel.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2024-12-30 22:01:17):
You have slept for the night.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2024-12-30 22:01:25):
29th Arodus.

10:00. 8 hours of rest + daily preparation.
10:30. Breakfast.

