# Doomsday Funtime — 2024-04

*PBP transcript archived by PathWarsNudge bot.*

---

**Path Wars** [GM] (2024-04-12 15:17:23):
Session 209. 2024 April 1st Monday + 4710 AR Erastus 28th + Gaunt-light part 18.

Play by post.

The party is in the dank mouldy cavern outside of the main temple chamber of the Gauntlight.

A few metres is where the party found the entrance to the vault of Belcorra, and her deactivated portal.

What does the group do now?

Present are: Selenor, Allisee and Amar.

@Nemesiux 
@MrNegetZ 
@tinysliney

**Antoine / Anthony = Allisee** (2024-04-12 15:41:54):
"So you're doing it now Selenor? Don't forget what we agreed I need to check that place out"

**Horia/Mike/Michael/Nem (Selenor) [Pathfinder]** (2024-04-12 15:43:03):
Yes yes I know Alisse

**Path Wars** [GM] (2024-04-12 20:04:07):
Cardigan says:
"Zutlieg? No wait you're a man, and Zutlieg is standing there.
Korumum? Is that you buddy?
No wait...."

Cardigan glances in the direction of her tome.
"It's you Selenor, isn't it?"

**Path Wars** [GM] (2024-04-12 20:15:53):
*[image]* Pride.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2024-04-12 20:16:02):
*[image]* Greed.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2024-04-12 20:16:15):
*[image]* Lust.

**Horia/Mike/Michael/Nem (Selenor) [Pathfinder]** (2024-04-12 20:17:08):
Selenor grabs the shards

**Horia/Mike/Michael/Nem (Selenor) [Pathfinder]** (2024-04-12 20:22:43):
"Alright I am all set up. Let's go into the next room"

**Horia/Mike/Michael/Nem (Selenor) [Pathfinder]** (2024-04-12 21:30:58):
Selenor starts writing a letter. This letter explains the negative effects of the lust shard rune and how he promised that he would try and build a relationship with her and help her climb the Nidalese social ladder as a high priestess and shadowcount. Selenor asks if she has any idea of how she could help him with this issue since he doesn't want to cheat on her even if it is against his will.  Then he goes through the Harrow again back in Sandpoint and hands over the letter to Tomahawks and urges her to immediately send the letter to Teflar before the Lust rune curse activates within the next 24h.

**Horia/Mike/Michael/Nem (Selenor) [Pathfinder]** (2024-04-12 22:08:08):
Selenor then returns to the dungeon and together with the party ventures into the next room

**Horia/Mike/Michael/Nem (Selenor) [Pathfinder]** (2024-04-29 02:17:30):
Selenor knocks on the door

