# Doomsday Funtime — 2025-11

*PBP transcript archived by PathWarsNudge bot.*

---

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-11-14 13:30:40):
## Session 262.
> 2025 November 7th Saturday + 4710 AR, Rova 10th + Arc-10 The Harrow after Amar part 2.
>> - IRL start time: 23:51.
>> - Delay duration: 3 hours & 51 minutes.
>> - Players present: Anthony, Horia, Cortex and Jeremy.

> Location: Always 1 Step ahead, Magnimar.

> 11:00.
>> - Part of Jacky's soul has been captured inside a soul gem.

> 11:00 -> +10 min - 11:10. Selenor casts talking corpse.
>> - 1/3 questions: What were they looking for?
>> - 2/3 questions: What harrow knowledge were they seeking?
>> - 3/3 questions: Where is the next destiny card?

> 12:00.
>> - Location: Reclaimed island, Kyver's island.

> Discussion with Anthony.
>> - Jaul Mezmin is a werewolf who turned a woman into a wolf and had sex with her.
>> - Jaul Mezmin is also a serial killer who killed multiple people.
>> - The party captured Jaul Mezmin and are bringing him to Korvosa for trial.
>> - Jaul Mezmin is currently imprisoned in the Harrow.
>> - Jaul Mezmin is in the cage in the striding fortress.
>> - Jaul Mezmin is being fed and cleaned by the harrow staff, the storylings.

> 12:30.
>> - Allisee is now a Master of Trade.
>> - They enter of the junkyard of the reclaimed paradise.
>> - The junkyard is full of old paradise corporation vehicles and machinery.
>> - They find a paradise corporation salvage yard worker.
>> - Clem the orc.
>> - Steampunk pickaxe.
>> - 2/8.
>> - Derek is a magic card collector.
>> - 7 pointed star hand tattoo.
>> - Allisee helps to fix Clem's Neurocam. 
>> - Clem is likely to help on Viole's airship project.

> 13:00.
>> - The Kraken. Ran by Aaron.
>> - Aaron Mayo.
>> - Talking about Allisee's droplet tattoos, says it came from fey magic.
>> - Someone has a tattoo that pairs with Allisee.

> Bonus feats, 1 day per feat.
>> - Tattoo artist.
>> - Arcane tattoo.
>> - Ornate tattoo.
>> - Virtue forged tattoo.

> 13:30.
>> - Allisee UNLOCKS Fiend Warding Tattoo.
>> - Allisee also gets a free fiend warding tattoo.
>> - Allisee gets it on her back.
>> - Mr Mayo had visions of a celestial crow.
>> - Mr Mayo is unsure if Allisee is a saviour or conqueror from his dreams of Cheliax being destroyed.
>> - Derek's happy place has horses.

> 15:00. Allisee got a tattoo and walks to history reliquary.
>> - Allisee goes inside and talks to the history reliquary curator lizardman, Mr Zorak Grimbsy.
>> - Zorak Grimbsy is a lizardfolk historian.
>> - Zorak Grimbsy lives tea and biscuits.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-11-14 13:58:14):
Oh I dunno why I said that???

**Antoine / Anthony = Allisee** (2025-11-14 13:58:16):
We were going to do a tea off

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-11-14 13:58:20):
OOOOOOH

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-11-14 13:58:21):
Yes!

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-11-14 13:58:22):
True

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-11-14 13:58:23):
Sorry

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-11-14 13:58:50):
Better?

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-11-14 14:01:53):
Next line down

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-11-14 22:52:04):
*[image]*

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-11-14 22:55:24):
*[image]*

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2025-11-15 11:53:40):
As a free action at the start of combat, i'll Shift immance to Gaze Sharp as Steel.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-11-27 05:04:45):
> COMBAT!
>> - Selenor won the initiative with 44.
>> - Encounter name = Combat in the Horse Forge.
>> - Encounter started = 2025 November 28th at 20:00pm.
>> - Round = 1. 
>> - Unacted. ❌
>> - @Nemesiux | Selenor The Wanderer | Champion & Oracle.
>> - @MrNegetz | Allisee Tra-Umna | Barbarian & Witch.
>> - @Askarans | Haku Stormfan | Kineticist & Swashbuckler.
>> - @PathWars | Cardigan | Party healer and former gnome | Cleric. 
>> - @Infinitexfang | Infinite Fang | Kineticist & Monk.
>> - @Mossssssssssssssssssssssssss | Carnon | Exemplar & Gunslinger.
>> - @Rez_Marsiel | Mortigus Stonewall | Kineticist & Guardian.
>> - Acted. ✅

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-11-28 22:12:59):
## Session 264.
> 2025 November 28th Saturday + 4710 AR, Rova 10th (Star-day) + Arc-10 The Harrow after Amar part 4.
>> - IRL start time: 22:10.
>> - Delay duration: 2 hour & 10 minutes.
>> - Players present: Horia, Bronwyn, Oscar, Anthony and Luke. 

> COMBAT!
>> - Selenor won the initiative with 44.
>> - Encounter name = Combat in the Horse Forge.
>> - Encounter started = 2025 November 28th at 20:00pm.
>> - Round = 1. 
>> - Unacted. ❌
>> - @Nemesiux | Selenor The Wanderer | Champion & Oracle.
>> - @MrNegetz | Allisee Tra-Umna | Barbarian & Witch.
>> - @Askarans | Haku Stormfan | Kineticist & Swashbuckler.
>> - @PathWars | Cardigan | Party healer and former gnome | Cleric. 
>> - @Infinitexfang | Infinite Fang | Kineticist & Monk.
>> - @Mossssssssssssssssssssssssss | Carnon | Exemplar & Gunslinger.
>> - @Rez_Marsiel | Mortigus Stonewall | Kineticist & Guardian.
>> - Acted. ✅

> Round 1.
>> - Carnon: As a free action at the start of combat, I'll Shift immance to Gaze Sharp as Steel.
>> -

