# Kibwe — 2024-09

*PBP transcript archived by PathWarsNudge bot.*

---

**Buffet Raider |Tarsus Longstaff #6** (2024-09-01 18:18:46):
Recall knowledge - Society

**Buffet Raider |Tarsus Longstaff #6** (2024-09-01 18:18:48):
/roll 1d20+12

**Horia/Mike/Michael/Nem (Selenor) [Pathfinder]** (2024-09-04 09:58:59):
Lorn stands up again and then says " Remember what I said"

**Path Wars** [GM] (2024-09-15 21:08:48):
*[image]*

**Path Wars** [GM] (2024-09-15 21:13:07):
Lorn, you signed the contract.

A circle of power opens upon the ground beneath you.

Something is attempting to break into your soul, breaking the seal.

Runes are etched across the surfaces of the walls of the room.
As the walls fill with intricate runes, so do the floor and ceilings.

The runes now begin to overlap and converge, shifting and changing, merging and morphing.

Some of the runes on the eastern wall glow with a bright prismatic light.

This being steps forth from the wall.

He floats across the room, before looking down at Lorn, in a robotic voice:

"YOUR SOUL WILL BE CLEANSED AND ALLIGNED TO THE 7 POINTED STAR."

**Path Wars** [GM] (2024-09-15 21:17:05):
Inside yourself you see a village of gnolls in an endless twisting sandstorm.

Something drew your people here.

Something called out from the sandstorm.

A piece of someone, made into something.

A piece of love and hate and betrayal. 

The sleeping grumbles of Rovagug were silenced here.

You were free to wander this land of sand.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2024-09-15 21:20:57):
You wandered further that the other gnolls.

Further than explorers, devils and even further than a dragon.

You heard the crackling and crinkling of crystal.

You learned something you should not of.

Forbidden, hateful knowledge, a secret bathed in blood.

When you found this out, he came for you.

The grey flame consumed you, searing your flesh.

The secret was learned, taken and consumed.

You do not remember, that memory was taken, stolen, devoured.

Yet, your destiny was not yet finished.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2024-09-15 21:22:30):
Your bones were taken, reformed and you were recycled.

You were transformed into an experiment, a beast of mutations.

Not for the purposes of war but to teach, to teach Selenor how to unmake life and to rebind that life into that of something new.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2024-09-15 21:22:56):
Selenor killed you for practise, Selenor remade you (with the help of the magic bound within you).

**Path Wars** [GM] (2024-09-15 21:27:48):
You found a new calling amongst the grand explorers only for that to be taken away from you by the Mosquito Witch.

You were used for 3 years, and for what purpose?

**Path Wars** [GM] (2024-09-15 21:28:37):
You were scared and marked by them.

Then Curse Breaker freed you, only to help himself, to save himself and further his own purposes.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2024-09-15 21:32:18):
Your 1st destiny was taken from you by the lotus.
Your 2nd destiny was taken from you by the grey flame.
Your 3rd destiny was taken from you by Selenor.
Your 4th destiny was taken from you by Mosquito Witch.
Your 5th destiny was taken from you by Curse Breaker.

No. More.

You are now ours, you are now mine.

You are the weapon of the dead god.

You are now Sin-Lorn, rise.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2024-09-15 21:37:21):
Sin-Lorn's skeleton turns to bone-like chunks of crystal, each segment is a different brilliantly bright colour.

The crystal-bones crack over the immense magical power that flows through you.

The inside of your skeleton grows rotten quivering flesh.

From the sides of your wrists sprout scaley flesh-shaped non-connected shackles, and short crystalline chains hang from the shackles.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2024-09-15 21:37:40):
The mosquito tattoo is still there, but it is surrounded by a 7 pointed star.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2024-09-15 21:39:32):
From above your ass, out of your tailbone, a tail made of bone sprouts forth.

Similarly, a small vestigial set of stone-bone wings sprout from your back.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2024-09-15 21:40:03):
The presence of the stone being seems to be gone, but his power now lives in you.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2024-09-15 21:41:56):
Edeme looks at you, shock on her face:

"You are mine now."

She takes a few moments to think.

"Go with your group.
Free the curse breaker.

Conclude your business.

I am now your....partner, and it is important that we make our way to Avistan.

You are my angel, I am your priest, it is time to deliver our faith to the world."

**Path Wars** [GM] (2024-09-15 21:47:45):
@Nemesiux 

When Sin-Lorn closes his eyes he sees in his head a 3D image of a massive snake skull made of crystal.

This seems to be a divine message, a hint, the quest marker of your destination, of your purpose.

You seems linked now to Edeme, a bound, similar to that of the dragon riders now is formed between yous.

You know that when she closes her eyes, she sees the same skull.

2 people.

2 bodies.

1 shared destiny.

**Buffet Raider |Tarsus Longstaff #6** (2024-09-15 23:29:20):
As the magic subsides and Tarsus is able to see Lorn's changed form, he begins to inspect the crystalline entity, examining and attempting to understand the magic at work here. His hackles raise and he occasionally growls to himself as he utilizes the read aura cantrip and makes an Arcana check to figure out what happened to Lorn.

**Buffet Raider |Tarsus Longstaff #6** (2024-09-15 23:29:24):
/roll 1d20+14

**Buffet Raider |Tarsus Longstaff #6** (2024-09-23 22:53:59):
Tarsus turns to Ademe.
"Please tell me this is reversible. I don't care if he wants to bargain away his soul, but his bones belong to the pack once he's done with them."

**Horia/Mike/Michael/Nem (Selenor) [Pathfinder]** (2024-09-23 23:04:24):
"Selenor... my father ... my pack same goes for the priestess... Ademe"

**Horia/Mike/Michael/Nem (Selenor) [Pathfinder]** (2024-09-23 23:06:02):
"I am no gnoll... I am his son, a weapon and her angel!"

