# Kibwe — 2025-09

*PBP transcript archived by PathWarsNudge bot.*

---

**Buffet Raider |Tarsus Longstaff #6** (2025-09-02 13:42:50):
"We can probably rework the ritual, but that research is going to take time. Obviously the sooner this is resolved, the better but how much time do we actually have?"

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-09-03 12:23:58):
Theron:
"Oh, I'll be fine.
I'm on a different journey now."

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-09-03 12:24:54):
This visually seems to be the case, since drinking a taste of Kieran's slime earlier.

Theron's flesh seems....slimey.

**Horia/Mike/Michael/Nem (Selenor) [Pathfinder]** (2025-09-03 12:25:31):
Lorn kneels close to Theron "You either give us an answer to this problem or we sacrifice your son, his gf or you to the statue"

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-09-03 12:44:39):
Theron looks at you Lorn:
"Your thread has only begun, I think."

**Redecter** (2025-09-03 13:03:55):
There is loud crack as a small fox with coal black fur steps on a twig behind you. 

It freezes as it makes eye contact with you. It hesistates, then places a letter it was carrying in its mouth down on the ground and scampers away

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-09-03 16:19:14):
Kieran will walk over and pick up the letter and read it unless it was addressed to someone specific.

**Redecter** (2025-09-03 17:24:15):
You pick up the letter to see it sealed with the emblem of thorn branch entwined around a flame. Cracking it open you immediately notice the superb and elegant penmanship. The letter reads as follows: 

Dear Adventurers 

It seems you have found yourself as many groups such as yours do in a spot of difficulty. With the incumbent pressures of time, fate and responsibility bearing down upon you you may find yourself prone to making rash decisions.

But never fear! I, Aberith, am here to assist! All problems stem from a lack of information. Information is my specialty. I have outlived empires and retained the knowledge the rest have forgotten. 

If you seek knowledge, secrets, guidance , or even a helping hand in your darkest hour then find the tree with red leaves in times of spring. Under it you will find a stone pillar. With chalk ,charcoal or ash trace a heptagram with the pillar as its apex and place a silver and copper coin at each point of the heptagram. Then stand in the centre of the Heptagram and chant "Oh salt of the sea, pluck my sands from the shores of eternity and guide them unto the island at the edge of oblivion. With these mediums of coin and outlines of ancient times I beseech thee, let me speak with the Ageless Fox, whose eyes pierce the vale and bestow knowledge to needy" 

With utmost regards
Aberith

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-09-03 18:30:54):
Kieran looks around, as if he would find someone peeking around a corner or something. He is unsure how finding what would seem to be an impossible tree to perform a ritual would help them complete an already complicated ritual that needs to be performed within 48 hours. 
"So..." he holds out the letter to someone else. "Does anyone know of a red-leaved tree in Spring?" 
He closes his eyes as he thinks more on their dilemma regarding Curse-Breaker. Opening his eyes, he sees Akwa, and another idea crosses his mind. "Okay, what if we modify the curse?" He elaborates. "I seem to have the 'ability' to turn others into intelligent 'slimes'. " He gestures towards Akwa. "Is there a way to make this curse turn the people into that instead of mindless oozes? I know it's not ideal, but better than being effectively dead, and no one has to be sacrificed for it."

**Buffet Raider |Tarsus Longstaff #6** (2025-09-03 18:41:41):
"Again, modifying the ritual that extensively will likely take longer to research than we have to complete whatever ritual we decide on. We've got less than two days to decide on a course of action and implement it according to Ademe, before we're unable to correct this situation."

**Buffet Raider |Tarsus Longstaff #6** (2025-09-03 18:46:46):
"Also, what's this about a tree? We're inside an artificial structure and the only thing they're growing in here is slimes."
He glances around the room just to be sure, but the letter seems fairly nonsensical.

**Redecter** (2025-09-03 18:48:09):
You spot the fox again, who is sitting patiently next to a passageway that you didn't notice before

**Redecter** (2025-09-03 18:48:53):
when you make eye contact it yips expectantly and trots off down the passageway

**Buffet Raider |Tarsus Longstaff #6** (2025-09-03 18:59:53):
"Hopefully there's a point to this, but it seems an easier distraction to remove than the ritual for now."
Tarsus will pull some coins and chalk out of his backpack and follow the fox.

**Buffet Raider |Tarsus Longstaff #6** (2025-09-03 19:01:39):
*[image]* Tarsus thinks to himself about what type of tree would have red leaves in spring.

**Redecter** (2025-09-03 19:04:54):
As you turn the corner you come across
A Japanese maple tree?
It seems to have burst out of the stone it's leaves brushing out against the ceiling. 
Below it stands a stone obelisk, devoid of any markings bar the sign of a thorn branch curled around a flame

**Buffet Raider |Tarsus Longstaff #6** (2025-09-03 19:06:28):
Tarsus follows the instructions in the letter.

**Redecter** (2025-09-03 19:07:09):
Absolute Silence

**Redecter** (2025-09-03 19:08:40):
then a voice sounds inside your head

"You called?"

**Buffet Raider |Tarsus Longstaff #6** (2025-09-03 19:16:02):
"A fox delivered a letter to my party with seemingly nonsensical instructions, saying you had some kind of solution for rejuvenating Curse Breaker. We're a bit stuck due to lack of time and options that don't involve a member of our party dying. If you have any suggestions, we'd like to hear it."

**Redecter** (2025-09-03 19:21:56):
A chuckle emanates from the voice
"Hmmm I cooouuld help you but there's a slight issue"
"You see I have duties to fulfill and as such I can't give such information away for free"

**Horia/Mike/Michael/Nem (Selenor) [Pathfinder]** (2025-09-03 23:06:48):
Lorn aims his bow at the stranger "you get to live if you tell us how to solve it or  you will be turned into a mindless slime like the rest of usb y the plague. Your choice."

**Buffet Raider |Tarsus Longstaff #6** (2025-09-04 00:18:57):
(unless I misread something, it should seem like I'm just standing here staring at the tree. nobody showed up, the ritual was basically a phone call)
Tarsus looks around to verify nothing has changed within the room.
"I don't think anyone showed up, this ritual in the letter seems to be a communication spell."

**Redecter** (2025-09-04 06:57:11):
"I normally don't speak in person with my clients until they are willing to discuss the terms of the contract"

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-09-04 16:46:01):
Meanwhile, Kieran presses his forehead against the statue of Curse Breaker. He begins to whisper to himself, though it probably looks like praying.
"Gramps, I don't know if you can hear me, but I could use some of that knowledge you have to help me out here." He inhales sharply, "We can't lose anyone else over this."

**Redecter** (2025-09-04 16:56:04):
"And you won't need to if you accept my offer"

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-09-04 17:32:18):
Thoughts and images flicker across Kieran's mind. A potential solution to his current dilemma. His head snaps up in revelation, and he walks over to Akwa and places his hands on their shoulders. The slime of their skins connects, and Kieran looks into their eyes in communication, transferring his thoughts into Akwa's.

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-09-04 18:38:47):
Breaking his connection, Kieran looks over to Eda.
"Eda," He emphasizes her name. "I think we have a solution." He walks up to her and places her hand into his. "I would like to turn this vessel you are in into one more like mine and Akwa's." He pauses briefly to allow her to take in the information.
"Once we do that, you should be able to... split yourself into two. A part of you can become the sacrifice needed to power the statue, but the other part remains here. Alive." He grips her hand more firmly. 
"This isn't without consequence, as clearly you will still have to lose a part of yourself, but Kibwe will be saved, and you will remain."

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-09-05 00:27:52):
Eda "Curse Breaker" Stone-Worth says:
"But...I don't... Kieran. 
If it takes my life, I can't risk the city of existence. 
I can't risk myself, I am both servant and master of Curse Breaker.
How can we risk that?
How can I risk that?"

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-09-05 00:27:57):
@Linksanelf2006

**Redecter** (2025-09-05 09:14:29):
The voice speaks once more in everyone's heads
"Eda, I know of a way to restore the cursebreaker without having you sacrifice any of yourself. Such a thing is not free of course. I am saving your life, so in return you will need to use some of your new life to pay off your debt in service to me"

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-09-06 10:57:08):
What next? :)

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-09-06 10:58:22):
>> - Eda "Curse-Breaker" Stoneworth @MrNegetZ
>> - Lorn. Horia. @Nemesiux
>> - Daichi Kenshin. Anthony. @MrNegetZ
>> - Tiny. @errror01
>> - Fierce Leopard @RyoYamakawa
>> - Tarsus Longstaff. @buffetraider
>> - Kieran. @Linksanelf2006
>> - Leilani Kana. @HistoricallyInaccurate
>> - Akwa. @Askarans

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-09-06 16:05:27):
"Eda," Keiran focuses on her, as if she is the only other person in the room. "I know you're concerned and scared of the possibility of failing somewhere in your duties. You are not alone in that feeling." He recalls his own home, and the curse that is affecting it, making his breathing shake a bit. "I need to you trust me."

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-09-06 18:24:27):
Kieran chuckles at Eda's joke with her. 

((Using the power given to me by gramps, I will turn her into an Oozefolk of sorts))

"This will probably hurt quite a bit, but bear with it, and you will make it out of here." Kieran smiles, "Then we will return to Kibwe where you can be praised as the hero you are."

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-09-06 19:02:31):
Eda freezes, her eyes roll in her head.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-09-06 19:02:40):
Eda bends forward, throwing up.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-09-06 19:02:58):
A much smaller Eda is vomited out.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-09-06 19:03:34):
The small Eda says nothing, looks at you Kieran, outstretches new slime-wings and flies to your shoulder, saying nothing.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-09-06 19:03:49):
The remaining shell of Eda is unmoving, gazing at the ground, mindless.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-09-06 19:03:59):
Soul split, each half a being each.

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-09-07 02:05:09):
Keiran will give the small Eda a comforting pat. 
"Okay, everyone, we can do this ritual now." He will shout out to the others.

**Antoine / Anthony = Allisee** (2025-09-07 02:14:29):
"I hope this works and you didn't just fuck up everything by trusting slime... Cause i'm pretty sure slime is what has been plaging us so i wouldn't be too keen to trust it in any other situation..."

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-09-07 03:12:23):
"It will work." Kieran responds.

**Horia/Mike/Michael/Nem (Selenor) [Pathfinder]** (2025-09-07 12:36:48):
"Their slime demon lord seeems different from the plague of slimes"

**Horia/Mike/Michael/Nem (Selenor) [Pathfinder]** (2025-09-07 12:37:12):
"One seems 'natural' the other man made

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-09-07 15:33:46):
What next? :)

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-09-07 15:58:54):
((I assume the ritual. But I think Buffer is the guy who knows how it works))

**Buffet Raider |Tarsus Longstaff #6** (2025-09-07 16:07:24):
"We'll need a handful of spellcasters and Eda to take part. This will take a while, so you may want to sit down. If your idea works then we should just need to focus on...slime Eda instead of the original."
Tarsus moves back into the chamber where the Curse Breaker statue stands and sits down.

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-09-07 16:16:08):
Keiran will gently lift the unmoving shell of Eda and place it into position with great care.
"I don't practice magic, but I am very knowledgeable in it and much of my own power comes from the divine." He will say as he looks at the small Eda on his shoulder, smiling at her in reassurance. 
"Is there anything I can do to help?"

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-09-07 17:55:40):
What next? :)

**Antoine / Anthony = Allisee** (2025-09-08 18:06:14):
Secondary casters first.

**Antoine / Anthony = Allisee** (2025-09-08 18:06:20):
Since they provide bonnuses

**Antoine / Anthony = Allisee** (2025-09-08 18:07:55):
IMO only Tarsus and Daichi should roll since they have the highest bonnuses in occultism.

**Antoine / Anthony = Allisee** (2025-09-08 18:08:11):
Others can roll aid on the checks?

**Antoine / Anthony = Allisee** (2025-09-08 18:09:01):
Actually NVM we need both occultism and religion.

**Antoine / Anthony = Allisee** (2025-09-08 18:09:44):
So I guess it'll be Tarsus and Either Lorn, Kieran or Fierce.

**Buffet Raider |Tarsus Longstaff #6** (2025-09-08 18:14:41):
*[image]* Tarsus begins the ritual.

**Buffet Raider |Tarsus Longstaff #6** (2025-09-08 18:17:28):
His mind reaches back into the dormant Curse Breaker, feeling out the remaining spark of life. He holds on to the connection, waiting for the others to join in.

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-09-08 18:43:26):
((Which one am I rolling? I have +10 in all the "knowledge" skills))

**Buffet Raider |Tarsus Longstaff #6** (2025-09-08 19:15:03):
Religion is the other secondary check needed.

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-09-08 19:37:37):
*[image]* Kieran focuses his energy on drawing out the remainder of Eda's soul, his own soul resonating in their bond. Even though his experiences in performing rituals are effectively none, he remains confident, knowing that he made a promise.

**Askaran Ottergryph | #1 Haku | #4 Scrit** (2025-09-09 04:50:47):
*[image]* While the Ritual is performed, Akwa begins to sing, focussing her energy towards Eda as she casts Hymn of Healing. While she doesn't know Eda, she wants to help as much as she can. 
She initiates by singing the notes: B A F B A F B A EDE.. singing that part twice. Then she continues: F E b F E b F E bab.. singing that twice as well while on the second time around, she transitions into a new part at which Welsa joins in to sing.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-09-09 11:54:51):
Primary Check: Nature (expert).
Secondary Checks: Occultism, Religion.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-09-09 11:55:46):
Ritual Rank 3

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-09-09 11:58:14):
DC for primary caster: 27

DC for secondary caster(s): 22

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-09-09 12:00:29):
Kieran barely scapes by the intense channel.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-09-09 12:00:34):
Tarsus handles it with relative ease.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-09-09 12:01:21):
*[image]*

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-09-09 12:01:33):
No bonus or penalty for @HistoricallyInaccurate's roll

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-09-09 12:02:12):
*[image]*

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-09-09 12:02:15):
+14 to nature.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-09-09 12:02:20):
Success is a 13 or higher.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-09-09 12:02:41):
I'll allow people to aid her if you have nature.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-09-09 12:03:09):
Except for @Linksanelf2006 and @buffetraider as they are busy with the ritual.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-09-09 12:03:29):
As the duration is 4 hours, guidance cannot be used.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-09-09 12:03:41):
>> - Lorn. Horia. @Nemesiux
>> - Daichi Kenshin. Anthony. @MrNegetZ
>> - Tiny. @errror01
>> - Fierce Leopard @RyoYamakawa
>> - Tarsus Longstaff. @buffetraider
>> - Kieran. @Linksanelf2006
>> - Leilani Kana. @HistoricallyInaccurate
>> - Akwa. @Askarans

**Antoine / Anthony = Allisee** (2025-09-09 17:04:19):
*[image]* Aid check for @HistoricallyInaccurate

**Antoine / Anthony = Allisee** (2025-09-09 21:23:58):
@HistoricallyInaccurate you NAT 20 that check ok?

**Eimer Hone** (2025-09-11 20:46:47):
*[image]*

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-09-12 16:45:02):
@HistoricallyInaccurate 

Leilani Kana succeeds.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-09-12 16:45:12):
I'll describe what happens next shortly.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-09-14 17:17:57):
> Leilani Kana rebirths Curse Breaker.
>> - As Tarsus and Kieran wove their threads of the ritual into completion, the primal harmonies converged upon Leilani with inexorable purpose. 
>> - She stood at the nexus of forces both divine and primordial, her very essence becoming the conduit for something far greater than mere spellcraft. 
>> - This was blood calling to blood, soul recognising soul across the veil of mortality itself. 
>> - The phoenix fire that had once consumed her death now blazed anew within her veins.
>> - This is not borrowed power, but as inheritance rightfully claimed. 
>> - Each syllable of the incantation drew forth memories carved in flame and shadow: the searing bite of emerald fire, the taste of her own blood on foreign soil, and then that first, impossible breath of rebirth. 
>> - The Curse Breaker had reached through the boundary between worlds to reclaim her from oblivion's embrace, and now she would return that magnificent transgression in kind. 
>> - Crimson light spilled from her outstretched palms, each droplet of mystical essence carrying fragments of Eda's scattered form back toward its destined vessel. 
>> - The air itself seemed to thicken with anticipation as flesh-wrought magic sought its ancient home. 
>> - Leilani felt the familiar weight of divine attention settling upon her shoulders—not the crushing burden of judgment, but the warm recognition of a shepherd tending to her flock. 
>> - The statue's obsidian eyes kindled with inner fire, and at that moment of awakening, Leilani understood with crystalline clarity that she was no longer the frightened shepherd girl who had bled out beneath alien stars. 
>> - She had become something far more dangerous and beautiful: the willing instrument of resurrection itself, the mortal hand that dared to reverse the irreversible. 
>> - As radiance flooded the chamber with golden intensity, something primal stirred within her throat. 
>> - The song that emerged was older than words, a melody that seemed to rise from the very marrow of creation. 
>> - It spoke of death conquered, of bonds that transcended flesh, of the terrible mathematics of sacrifice and renewal. 
>> - Her voice wove through the ascending light like silver thread through cosmic fire, giving form to the shapeless joy of a god's return to the world.
When silence finally reclaimed the chamber, it carried within it the weight of completed destiny. 
>> - The debt had been paid. 
>> - The shepherd had become the saviour of her own salvation.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-09-14 18:33:27):
> Curse Breaker is reborn.
>> - Eda "Curse Breaker" Stones-Worth's body is gone burned to ash in the fire of the phoenix.
>> - Curse Breaker glows with a golden light, blinding in the dim chamber.
>> - The party cannot see.
>> - But as the light gently fades, they see a figure standing where Curse Breaker once stood.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-09-14 18:35:50):
*[image]*

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-09-14 18:38:24):
Curse Breaker (?) looks at his (her?) hands, their voice (when they speak) is slow and grating like stones rubbing together:
"I...am changed. Eda is gone. She gave up her life. For me."

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-09-14 18:53:41):
Keiran's first instinct is to kneel in respect at the figure before him. He gently moves the 'slime-Eda' into the palms of his hands and presents her to Curse Breaker.
"She is not entirely gone." He says with a tearful smile. "Though she is only a fragment of what she was before, I have faith that one day she can be restored."

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-09-16 01:37:20):
Theron's eyes go wide, his smile drops:
"Such power....."

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-09-16 01:37:37):
Ademe similarly looks at Lorn, concerned for his safety, immediately looking relieved.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-09-16 01:38:01):
Dhira Gray-Cheeks looks confused but notes down everything that's happening.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-09-16 01:38:44):
A few moments later, streaks of what looks like dozens and dozens of white orbs the size of marbles come streaming into the room, they fly into the bodies of the Heroes of Kibwe.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-09-16 01:38:53):
The group is imbued with much power.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-09-16 01:39:13):
In fact:

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-09-16 01:39:17):
THE GROUP LEVELS UP.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-09-16 01:39:21):
LEVEL 7.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-09-16 01:39:24):
DING DING DING.

**Antoine / Anthony = Allisee** (2025-09-16 02:16:45):
Daichi now has 4 tails apparently.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-09-16 19:54:47):
Eda seems unfazed by Ademe's word or disposition.

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-09-17 17:42:50):
Keiran stands, he has a difficult time in hiding his disappointment in Curse Breaker's overall demeanor and attitude, but he does his best. 
He knows he shouldn't have expected Curse Breaker's personality to be more like Eda's, yet when he saw her have a similar form, it gave him false hope. 
"The only reward we seek is to end the curse that is plaguing Kibwe." He says to her, "Though, we are grateful for the removal of the cult and the energies you have transferred to us."

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-09-22 20:53:20):
"How would we go about reconnecting the link?" Kieran asks.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-09-23 05:39:31):
Eda Stone-Worth The Curse Breaker does not hesitate.

Eda Stone-Worth The Curse Breaker turns to the wall walks THROUGH the wall, the wall shatters, leaving a huge 'Eda shaped' gap.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-09-23 05:40:58):
Eda Stone-Worth The Curse Breaker, now in the courtyard, looks up at the sun.

Eda closes her eyes, face tilted up towards the sun and with a sudden clap of her hands, opens a portal.

As the party gaze into the portal, you see the impossibly tall walls of your city, it is a portal to Kibwe!

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-09-23 05:43:07):
Eda Stone-Worth The Curse Breaker steps through the portal.

It'll close in less than 30 seconds, what does the party do!?

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-09-23 05:56:47):
On the other side of the portal, Eda Stone-Worth seems to be standing in front of a female red slime woman who has just appeared in front of Eda.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-09-23 05:59:11):
All side characters make their way through the portal.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-09-23 06:00:06):
> Roster.
>> - Lorn. Horia. @Nemesiux
>> - Daichi Kenshin. Anthony. @MrNegetZ
>> - Tiny. @errror01
>> - Fierce Leopard @RyoYamakawa
>> - Tarsus Longstaff. @buffetraider
>> - Kieran. @Linksanelf2006
>> - Leilani Kana. @HistoricallyInaccurate
>> - Akwa. @Askarans

**Ryo Yamakawa | #1 Rax | #6 Fierce Leopard Cyrus** (2025-09-23 06:03:19):
"Sounds like we've got more work to do apparently." Leopard makes his way to the portal and through.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-09-23 06:06:33):
> Going through the portal?
>> - Date: Tuesday, September 23rd 2025.
>> - Not yet.
>> - #1 Lorn. Horia. @Nemesiux
>> - #3 Tiny. @errror01
>> - #5 Tarsus Longstaff. @buffetraider
>> - #6 Kieran. @Linksanelf2006
>> - #7 Leilani Kana. @HistoricallyInaccurate
>> - #8 Akwa. @Askarans
>> - Yes!
>> - #2 Daichi Kenshin. Anthony. @MrNegetZ
>> - #4 Fierce Leopard @RyoYamakawa

**Buffet Raider |Tarsus Longstaff #6** (2025-09-23 07:25:57):
Tarsus enters the portal.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-09-23 11:01:22):
> Going through the portal?
>> - Not yet.
>> - #1 Lorn. Horia. @Nemesiux
>> - #3 Tiny. @errror01
>> - #6 Kieran. @Linksanelf2006
>> - #7 Leilani Kana. @HistoricallyInaccurate
>> - #8 Akwa. @Askarans
>> - Yes!
>> - #2 Daichi Kenshin. Anthony. @MrNegetZ
>> - #4 Fierce Leopard @RyoYamakawa
>> - #5 Tarsus Longstaff. @buffetraider

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2025-09-23 17:06:42):
Kieran stares at the hole in the wall, surprised at the ease in which Curse Breaker was able to move through it. He almost didn't even notice the portal. 
Shaking himself out of his stupor, he does a quick inventory check, including what he has of Eda, and hops through the portal.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-09-23 23:03:54):
> Going through the portal?
>> - Not yet.
>> - #3 Tiny. @errror01
>> - #7 Leilani Kana. @HistoricallyInaccurate
>> - #8 Akwa. @Askarans
>> - Yes!
>> - #2 Daichi Kenshin. Anthony. @MrNegetZ
>> - #4 Fierce Leopard @RyoYamakawa
>> - #5 Tarsus Longstaff. @buffetraider
>> - #1 Lorn. Horia. @Nemesiux
>> - #6 Kieran. @Linksanelf2006

**Eimer Hone** (2025-09-24 06:42:45):
Leilani also goes through the portal

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-09-24 08:06:16):
> Going through the portal?
>> - Not yet.
>> - #3 Tiny. @errror01
>> - #8 Akwa. @Askarans
>> - Yes!
>> - #2 Daichi Kenshin. Anthony. @MrNegetZ
>> - #4 Fierce Leopard @RyoYamakawa
>> - #5 Tarsus Longstaff. @buffetraider
>> - #1 Lorn. Horia. @Nemesiux
>> - #6 Kieran. @Linksanelf2006
>> - #7 Leilani Kana. @HistoricallyInaccurate

**Isaac error1 | #6 Tiny** (2025-09-25 11:41:14):
Tiny hesitates but decides to follow the party

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-09-26 09:42:32):
> Going through the portal?
>> - Not yet.
>> - #8 Akwa. @Askarans
>> - Yes!
>> - #2 Daichi Kenshin. Anthony. @MrNegetZ
>> - #4 Fierce Leopard @RyoYamakawa
>> - #5 Tarsus Longstaff. @buffetraider
>> - #1 Lorn. Horia. @Nemesiux
>> - #6 Kieran. @Linksanelf2006
>> - #7 Leilani Kana. @HistoricallyInaccurate
>> - #3 Tiny. @errror01

**Askaran Ottergryph | #1 Haku | #4 Scrit** (2025-09-26 10:58:38):
Akwa follows inside

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-09-26 11:21:13):
Everyone has gone through the portal.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-09-26 11:21:21):
The final chapter of Kibwe begins!

