# Hopeful End-Times — 2025-03

*PBP transcript archived by PathWarsNudge bot.*

---

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-02 14:44:24):
Ok so I will assume you go to the space port.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-02 14:45:42):
On the way out of the bar you hear a druken vesk tell his drunk vesk buddy:

"PSYCHIC VAMPIRES?!?!?!
Didn't you hear"

"No?"

"They are kidnapping people!!!"

And that's all you hear as you leave....

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-02 14:48:51):
You get onto a free gravity autotrain that drops you off at a speed lift.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-02 14:48:57):
This lift will take you to the space dock.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-02 14:49:45):
Do you activate the lift?

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-02 14:50:30):
A nearby preacher says:
"Doomsday, doomsday is nigh, repent, repent!"

**Revan | Anthony (not french) | SF Lysae Lysandra #4 MW** (2025-03-02 14:50:50):
Is there any kind of public terminal near the lift we could use to inspect the drive?

**Revan | Anthony (not french) | SF Lysae Lysandra #4 MW** (2025-03-02 14:52:25):
With a roll of her eyes at the doomsday preacher, Lysae will press the button to call the lift.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-02 14:54:41):
And the lift goes down...

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-02 14:56:48):
The metallic doors sealed shut with a faint chime, and the elevator jolted as it began its descent. 

Midway down, a piercing metallic screech echoed through the shaft as the elevator ground to an abrupt halt. 

A tense silence hung in the air before an emergency alert blared from every one of the group's comm units, the elevator quivering as the alarm morphed into a chilling, wordless wail that sent waves of dread coursing through every nerve. 

A SECOND PSYCHIC SCREAM.

The lights flickered, then flared to a blinding intensity.

IN your minds you see...it.

Your thoughts are SEARED with the image, the image of a floating mass, a tentacled monstrosity. 

And then, darkness envelops the lift.

It all. Goes. Dark.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-02 14:56:54):
The lift's brakes release.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-02 14:57:00):
The lift goes into free fall.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-02 14:57:45):
The lift falls at insane speeds, you must have fallen hundreds of floors in a matter of moments, it should be impossible for any of this to be happening, never mind the lift falling at such insane speeds.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-02 14:58:10):
You all black out from the inertia of the free falling lift.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-02 14:58:13):
.......

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-02 14:58:15):
............

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-02 14:58:17):
............................

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-02 14:58:20):
THUMP.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-02 14:58:26):
You awaken sometime later.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-02 14:58:38):
Quiet static hisses from your comms units.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-02 14:58:47):
The lights of the lift are a dark red emergency mode.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-02 14:58:59):
The door of the lift is trying to open but is jammed.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-02 14:59:11):
The gears in the lift's doors are hissing trying to open the door.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-02 14:59:36):
The GUI of the lift's display does not tell you where you are but something tells you: deep.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-02 15:03:55):
*[image]*

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-02 15:04:00):
What would yous like to do ?

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-02 15:04:33):
You hear a distance mechanical rhymical sound.

**Revan | Anthony (not french) | SF Lysae Lysandra #4 MW** (2025-03-02 15:05:51):
"Ow." Lysae sits up and looks around. "Hmm.." she says tapping at the panel and actively avoiding discussing any of the weird stuff that just happened, "it looks like the lift is broken." She pulls some equipment from the hacking toolkit off her belt. "Let me see if I can get it up and running again."

**Revan | Anthony (not french) | SF Lysae Lysandra #4 MW** (2025-03-02 15:10:31):
"That's not going to work. Roneless, come here. We need to get this door open. We'll go on my mark, together."

**JB Ram | Kaeda Starfinder** (2025-03-02 15:46:11):
*[image]* "Don't worry, I can help!" Kaeda quickly summoned her violin back to her hand and played a tune to inspire confidence in Roneless. 

"Mr Strongman, open a door (bum bum bum bum)
Make it the widest space forever more (bum bum bum bum)
Who needs a crowbar when you've got my song (bum bum bum bum)
You'll force it open (like my knees belong)"

((Kaeda uses Uplifting Overture to prepare to Aid using Performance))

**Antoine / Anthony = Allisee** (2025-03-02 22:08:16):
" Uhhhh Daijobu Desu...  "
Livy looks confused for a moment then knocks on her head slightly.
"Sorry my language module might've been damaged from the fall...
It should be ok now."
She stands up and looks around.
"Well it seems we are in a bit of a ★pickle★ ... , since we'll probably be progressing together for a while I'll need all of you except you to lend me your com devices for a short time."
Livy will want to form a Mystic bond with everyone present by doing something ★secret★ with their com device.

**Revan | Anthony (not french) | SF Lysae Lysandra #4 MW** (2025-03-02 22:51:36):
"Uh, what? Why do you need our comms? Shouldn't we be focused on getting this door open?"

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-03 09:24:36):
What happens next? :)

**Revan | Anthony (not french) | SF Lysae Lysandra #4 MW** (2025-03-03 15:51:01):
With a sigh, Lysae reluctantly gives her comm to Livy before turning back to the door.

**Antoine / Anthony = Allisee** (2025-03-03 17:26:14):
"★Thank you★ don't worry i won't harm it ;)"
She turns to Kaeda that is currently performing a song.
"★WOAW★ NICE SONG! Can i borrow your com for some time while you keep playing?"

**JB Ram | Kaeda Starfinder** (2025-03-03 18:29:46):
Without missing a beat, Kaeda modified her song. 
"I won't let you port... into my backdoor (my bum bum bum)
Without you buying... me supper before (no bum bum bum)
I'm not that sorta... type of whore (no fun fun fun)
How 'bout I do it instead?"

**Revan | Anthony (not french) | SF Lysae Lysandra #4 MW** (2025-03-04 01:58:33):
*[image]* (with the aid from Kaeda)

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-04 09:09:00):
Please roll again.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-04 09:09:12):
*[image]*

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-04 09:09:51):
Foundry should give you the option to apply the -2.

**Revan | Anthony (not french) | SF Lysae Lysandra #4 MW** (2025-03-04 13:03:33):
*[image]*

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-04 14:17:57):
You may try again.

**Revan | Anthony (not french) | SF Lysae Lysandra #4 MW** (2025-03-04 14:34:58):
Lysae shakes her head after failing to open the door. “This isn’t working. Roneless, give me a hand here.”

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-04 16:56:29):
What happens next? :)

**JB Ram | Kaeda Starfinder** (2025-03-04 17:08:56):
*[image]* Kaeda sighed at the lack of door-crushing. Perhaps her tune was wrong for this sort of thing? Some people require different forms of motivation than others. Before she picked up her song again, however, she paused and looked straight into the android Livy's eyes.

"Look, you're cute and all, but I don't give anyone access to my comm just because they ask. No offense intended, but I'll need more than just a pretty please for that to happen." She placed her violin back on her shoulder and turned towards Roneless before playing again.

"In my dreams therе's a song I once knew
Like an uncanny strange déjà vu
Memories flashing all through my brain
Over and over and over again
Doorbreak messiah
Darkness descends
Eternally wired
The dream never ends
Twilight desires
Doorbreak messiah!"

((Same action as before: preparing to aid))

**Horia/Mike/Michael/Nem (Selenor) [Pathfinder]** (2025-03-04 18:03:56):
*[image]* Roneles grabs the edges of the lift door and with all his undead might he tries to open it

**Horia/Mike/Michael/Nem (Selenor) [Pathfinder]** (2025-03-04 18:04:33):
*[gif]*

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-04 18:55:36):
With almost a critical success the doors open with explosive force!

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-04 18:55:40):
You see a DARK corridor.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-04 18:55:47):
And hear voices.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-04 18:55:50):
Robotic voices.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-04 18:55:53):
Dozens of them...

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-04 18:56:56):
All saying the same thing, over and over and over again:

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-04 18:57:11):
"BIRTH. BIRTH. BIRTH. BIRTH. BIRTH. BIRTH. BIRTH."

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-04 18:58:15):
From the sound of mechanical movement the robots are patrolling these halls.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-04 18:58:22):
If you leave the lift you will be visible to them.

**Revan | Anthony (not french) | SF Lysae Lysandra #4 MW** (2025-03-04 19:18:53):
Lysae holds up her hand to stop everyone from leaving, immediately seeming to take charge. “Careful,” she says softly. “They’re obviously malfunctioning, and potentially hostile.” She looks around at everyone. “First, show of hands. Who can actually see out there.”

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-04 19:29:09):
You see, just before the entrance of the lift a chest branded:
"Ghost level haunted tours"

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-04 19:29:22):
The chest has dried blood splattered over it.

**JB Ram | Kaeda Starfinder** (2025-03-04 19:29:35):
"I knew you could do it!" Kaeda cheered quietly as the door sprung open. But upon hearing the sounds in the dark corridor, her face darkened somewhat. Kaeda reached for the spear haft on her back and brought it forward, a quiet hum surrounding them as it moved. "If I use this, I can see anywhere," Kaeda added, a glow of light shining from her hand. "Or I can cast it out there, where the noises have congregated. But otherwise, I'm blind in the dark. A show needs a spotlight, after all!" (Kaeda casts Light)

With the whispering from Livy, Kaeda nodded and listened, a quiet "mmhmm?" or "oooh!" coming from her direction every few seconds.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-04 19:31:15):
*[image]*

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-04 19:31:22):
*[image]*

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-04 19:34:08):
*[image]*

**Antoine / Anthony = Allisee** (2025-03-04 19:44:54):
Everyone hears an audible "★Yay★" comming from the whispering

**Antoine / Anthony = Allisee** (2025-03-04 19:45:58):
With that everyone should be now in Livy's mystic bond since Roneles already has the thing.

**Antoine / Anthony = Allisee** (2025-03-04 19:49:09):
If Lysae checks what changed on her com she'll be able to see a new folder called "Livy playlist" with multiple folders in it that all contain 3 to 10 different audio files which total around 50 songs or more.

**Horia/Mike/Michael/Nem (Selenor) [Pathfinder]** (2025-03-04 19:59:31):
"Ahh sorry then Livy. By the gods this ship is making crazy already"

**JB Ram | Kaeda Starfinder** (2025-03-04 20:00:05):
Kaeda telepathically whispers to Livy, "Oh, you can speak in our heads too?! Usually people get upset at me when I use this ability, but now you and I can talk forever without anyone else hearing! I'm so excited; this is going to be great!"

**Horia/Mike/Michael/Nem (Selenor) [Pathfinder]** (2025-03-04 20:08:06):
"A..aa grouppp chhat?"

**Antoine / Anthony = Allisee** (2025-03-04 20:17:13):
"Well then since we may need to fight these Ghostbots better be ready just in case"
Livy pulls out a semi-automatic silenced pistol and loads it.

**Revan | Anthony (not french) | SF Lysae Lysandra #4 MW** (2025-03-04 20:18:29):
Nervousness at what, it’s harder to say. Perhaps at being around all the civilians, perhaps something deeper.

**JB Ram | Kaeda Starfinder** (2025-03-04 20:26:37):
"If it would make it easier, I can turn off my light," Kaeda replied. "You might just need to give me a piggy back ride if I do. Don't worry though, I'm pretty light!" She gave a disarming wink towards Lysae, but fell into the prescribed position. It was a reasonable plan. Much better than the piggy back ride option, of course. 

Kaeda continued her telepathic conversation with Livy in the meantime. "Well, you might not be able to respond, but I can still cheer you on anyways! You're not scared or anything, right? Need me to hold your hand or help in any way?" 

Out loud, she began to hum quietly. "If there's somethin' strange sleepin' in yo' bed... Lemme tell ya somethin'. If there's somethin' weird sleepin' in yo' bed... bustin' makes me feel goooood." 🎵

**Antoine / Anthony = Allisee** (2025-03-04 20:30:02):
"Well i may not be able to speak telepathically to normal people but i can connect to the robots and ask them stuff with shortwave!"

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-04 21:06:29):
Whether that be your voice or another musician.

**Antoine / Anthony = Allisee** (2025-03-05 01:55:23):
"So everyone ready? I could try and communicate to appeal to the 'ghostbots' thanks to my ★Super Idol Charm★  and if things go bad we run/fight or we could just try and sneak past."

**JB Ram | Kaeda Starfinder** (2025-03-06 23:42:06):
Kaeda looked toward the light floating gently in her hand. "Should I uh... keep this?" she asked. "I'm not sure if the machines wokd even notice."

Kaeda listened in closer to the music as it blasted in her headset. "You know, the tune is super catchy and fun, but the lyrics are somewhat unimaginative. I hope you don't mind a little constructive criticism."

**Antoine / Anthony = Allisee** (2025-03-07 14:51:57):
*[image]* Perception check to seek 30ft away in a 30ft burst in the hall or something..

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-08 20:10:42):
There is a heavy metallic thud above you as something slams into the roof of the lift.  After some scraping and hefting the hatch is thrown open and you see three of the robots that have been pursuing you standing above you, one holding the hatch open and the other two with weapons drawn.

From above them, a faint vortex of blue light flickers into existence.  As the robots aim their weapons at you it descends between them, just above the hatch.  All three turn to regard it with distracted curiosity.

The light expands rapidly into a plasmatic vortex, catching all three in its swirling disk.  They are caught up, spinning out of control in its tidal forces, faster and faster as, akin to a black hole, their forms being to be torn apart by tidal forces.  Parts merge in the center,  recombining in strange ways.  The light grows, blinding you to what is happening at the core of the vortex. Only the sounds of rending metal reach you.

All at once, with an even brighter flash, the vortex vanishes.  A single figure falls through the hatch, with bits of remaining robotic debris falling around it like rain.  The hatch slams shut behind it as it lands, hero landing style, between you all.

The figure is a strange construct, bronze in color, humanoid.  Its construction falls somewhere between an automation and an android; thick metallic flesh is bolted in place over rubberized muscles and a steel skeleton.  The head has pinhole ears and horizontal slits for a nose, but the predominant feature are oversized eyes with blast-door-style eyelids protecting what look more like lanterns than eyeballs.  Somehow the form is dressed in leather boots, green military-style trousers, and a black t-shirt.  A gunbelt houses two pistols and a plasma sword hilt.

Slowly it rises.  As it stands its eyes go from glowing white to a cautious dark brown  as it slowly takes you all in.  Then, it rears back slightly as the eyes shift again to an uncertain light orange.

“Wait.  What?”

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-08 21:14:06):
Nice. 

How does the party react to this?

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-08 21:14:12):
The distant robots continue to chant.

**Revan | Anthony (not french) | SF Lysae Lysandra #4 MW** (2025-03-08 21:32:06):
Lysae swings her rifle around with lightning speed, it's barrel inches from the newcomer's bronze face. When she realizes it is not attacking, she relaxes slightly. "Can you get us out of here the way you came in?" she asks. The newcomer sees a slender, gray-skinned woman, perhaps one he recognizes as a fetchling, wearing military-style armor of red and gold with no formal insignia, just a symbol of Iomedae on one shoulder. The projectile rifle she's carrying is of a disconcertingly large caliber to be this close to.

**JB Ram | Kaeda Starfinder** (2025-03-08 21:37:58):
At the ruckus behind her, Kaeda turned around and instinctively cast a light directly in front of the creature that appeared. Seeing as it was not attacking... and more construct than humanoid, she blinked a few times (in beat to her music of course). "I'm not sure that's the best way to talk to it," she whispered loudly to Lysae. Clearing her throat, she stepped forward and began to speak in the language all constructs seemed to be using on this station:

"Birth birth birthy birth birth? Birth birtha birth Birth!"

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-08 22:30:30):
“Came in?” the newcomer asks, regarding the firearm with a mix of caution and curiosity.  “ I’m still trying to wrap my mind around existing again.”  Then he turns to Lysae with perplexing.  “You in some kind of pregnancy cult or something.”

**Revan | Anthony (not french) | SF Lysae Lysandra #4 MW** (2025-03-08 22:34:01):
"Existing...?" Lysae shakes her head. "We'll deal with that later. Right now, we need a way out of here. And that means through those crazy robots. The ones these two thought you were with... Listen and you can hear them."

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-08 22:34:03):
“I don’t even know how to begin to unpack that question.”

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-08 22:35:17):
“You saying that we’re under siege in this box?”

**Revan | Anthony (not french) | SF Lysae Lysandra #4 MW** (2025-03-08 22:39:20):
"No, the elevator crashed down here and we need to find our way back to the upper floors of the station... You know, I think those robots are holding steady. I think we do have time to work out exactly where you came from." The rifle raises back up, suspicion flaring across Lysae's face. "Let's start with your name and where you just came from."

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-08 23:11:06):
He gives Livy a side eye at the word "com" as though the word had no meaning, then turned to Lysae, taking a step forward.  "Well, I'm..." he pauses as he moves, looking down his own body in surprise.  "Wait.  Am I thinner?"  He lifts his t-shirt and looks at his stomach. "No alchemical bomb this time.  That's nice."  He then glances at the weapons on his belt.  "What the heck are those?"  Then he pauses.  "Wait."  He reaches around over his shoulder and tries to grab at the air.  "Hmm.  No Junker, either."  He sighs.  "If this is something to do with Myrin's hag he's going to get the biggest 'I told you so.'"  Sighing he turns back to Lysae.  "I used to be called Clank Ka-Boom.  Not sure that name fits anymore, but for now we'll go with it."  He looks up at the hatch.  "I don't suppose this "lift" might have a maintenance ladder in the shaft like they used to have in mine shaft lifts."

**Revan | Anthony (not french) | SF Lysae Lysandra #4 MW** (2025-03-08 23:37:28):
Lysae scoffs briefly. "I don't think you have any idea how far we fell. I doubt I could climb all the way back up to inhabited levels of Absalom Station, much less these two. No, the only way out is through." Even as she scoffs, Lysae keeps the rifle pointed at Clank. "But, again, I'm going to need something more in the way of explanation here. You're not like any robot I've ever seen... more like an android in the way you act in fact."

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-08 23:54:20):
Clank rubs the back of his head introspectively.  "You think you're confused.  I was happily in the afterlife, which is all kind of a blur now, and suddenly I'm here, in a slimmed down version of my last two bodies..." he strokes his chin thoughtfully, "Rivet rust, I lived two lives already, and this is the first time I can remember both of them..." then he feels his jaw and cheeks in evident surprise.  "Hey! Not torn off this time.  I suppose the mutton chops will take time to grow back." He takes another look around the lift, sizing up the circumstance.  "Look, clearly we don't have time to work thorugh whatever happened to me.  Quick version: I was dead, now I'm not.  I've got two sets of memoreis of past lives and I don't even know for sure which one came first.  It's still jumbled.  But in both, I was a solder, not by choice, mind you, and an engineer.  So fill me in on things so I can help get us out of this mess."

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-08 23:55:50):
"Woah.  Personal space, please."

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-08 23:56:45):
"That was my next question."

**Horia/Mike/Michael/Nem (Selenor) [Pathfinder]** (2025-03-08 23:56:48):
" I don't explode"

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-08 23:57:19):
"Nor do I...anymore."

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-08 23:57:26):
"I hope."

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-08 23:58:04):
"By the way, since we'll be working together for the forseeable future, care to share your names?"

**JB Ram | Kaeda Starfinder** (2025-03-08 23:59:50):
Kaeda listened to the exchange, letting the others bicker as she tried to take stock of the situation. "Well, first of all, I don't think your mutton chops will grow back quickly. I hope that's the worst news you get today. But second, we're on a mission for some bigshot named Julz. We're doing a salvage mission. And a murder-anything-that-still-lives mission. I'm Kaeda!"

She swung her spear towards the doorway, a humming noise emanating from it as it moved. "And our enemies are out there. If you're gonna work with us, we should check out what's in that chest that's spewing some light over there." As she said this, the light that was directly in front of the android zoomed away, hovering directly over the chest. "Okay, Boomer. Lead the way."

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-09 00:03:33):
Clank eyes the chest suspiciously.  "Maybe we should hold that thought until we aren't in a confined space in case, you know, it turns out to be a "boomer"."

**JB Ram | Kaeda Starfinder** (2025-03-09 00:04:27):
Kaeda nodded. "Well, that's what this here door is for. Those of us on this side will be not-exploded. Should be fine, really."

**Revan | Anthony (not french) | SF Lysae Lysandra #4 MW** (2025-03-09 00:05:16):
"Perhaps I should check it for traps first?"

**Horia/Mike/Michael/Nem (Selenor) [Pathfinder]** (2025-03-09 00:05:32):
"I still have no idea what a 'boomer' is"

**JB Ram | Kaeda Starfinder** (2025-03-09 00:07:13):
Kaeda let out a sigh as if Lysae's suggestion was the most boring one possible. "Well, fine, if you DON'T want excitement, feel free to make sure it won't explode."

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-09 00:08:25):
"Well seing as I was just now restored to live, I'd like very much to live more than a few minutes.  By all means, check for traps.  And while you do that, I'm going to take a quick self-inventory.  This new body evidently came with stuff."

**Horia/Mike/Michael/Nem (Selenor) [Pathfinder]** (2025-03-09 00:09:31):
"Well, I guess I will just be ignored. Great.."

**Revan | Anthony (not french) | SF Lysae Lysandra #4 MW** (2025-03-09 00:11:52):
She shrugs.

**Horia/Mike/Michael/Nem (Selenor) [Pathfinder]** (2025-03-09 00:12:29):
*[gif]*

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-09 00:12:59):
He starts examining his belt.  "Wierd gun-like thing, another different wierd gun-like thing..."  He looks at the "not boomer" apologetically.  "Don't feel bad, I still don't know anyone's names." He returned to self-inspection.  "Wierd sword hilt.  Hey!  A buckler!  Couple of books in my pockets.  A dagger, and some loose change.  And whatever thses are."  He holds up a pair of batteries.

**Horia/Mike/Michael/Nem (Selenor) [Pathfinder]** (2025-03-09 00:13:07):
Roneles shrugs back in confusion

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-09 00:13:55):
"Wait!  Repair kit.  That'll be useful."

**Revan | Anthony (not french) | SF Lysae Lysandra #4 MW** (2025-03-09 00:16:23):
"Wait here," Lysae says as she moves forward cautiously to inspect the box for traps @PathWars. She (quietly) calls over her shoulder, "Those are batteries for your guns."

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-09 00:18:05):
He looks them over.  "Interesting."

**JB Ram | Kaeda Starfinder** (2025-03-09 00:18:44):
Kaeda paused for a moment. "Well, maybe a little shame. But not much."

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-09 00:18:55):
"That is a great example of an explanation that explains nothing."

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-09 00:21:25):
"Unassailable logic.  So is the trunk going to kill us all?"

**Antoine / Anthony = Allisee** (2025-03-09 00:27:39):
"So you don't have anything resembling this:" Livy pulls out her own comm device.
"All armors come with one. What's your armor's model?"

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-09 00:31:45):
"Hi, Livy. "  And no, I'm not wearing armor.  My skin is my armor."  He taps his  left forearm with his right fist.

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-09 00:33:07):
He looks at the sword hilt, cocking his eye skeptically.  "It's just a broken sword hilt, isn't it?"

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-09 00:33:34):
"Wait.  Is that a button?"

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-09 00:35:29):
He unclips the hilt and, pointing it straight up, pushes the button.  A long, thin purple blade emerges.  Chank's eyes widen, their glow shifting to an awe-filled yellow.  "Well that's neat."

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-09 00:37:47):
He deactivates the plasma rapier and clips it.  "Receive data?  Who talks like that?  I can listen and I can read, if that's what you mean."

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-09 00:39:12):
His expression becomes introspective.  "I used to have a messaging ring, mind you." He laughs.  "Man, did I have fun with that."

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-09 00:51:21):
"I'm a G.R.U.N.T., actually.  That's Golem Reimagined Using New Technology.  We were built to fight a war in place of wombborn like you."  He examines the headphones.  "I think I'd like to get to know you a bit better before I put strange gadgets in my receptors, thanks."

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-09 01:05:32):
@PathWars is this a Make An Impression by Mr. NegetZ versus a Sense Motive for me?

**JB Ram | Kaeda Starfinder** (2025-03-09 01:06:02):
((Make an Impression is vs your Will Save DC))

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-09 01:06:36):
((I know, normally, but as this is Player vs Player I didn't know if we should do it that way)).

**Antoine / Anthony = Allisee** (2025-03-09 01:08:57):
((If you sense motive i'll compare to my deception DC and tell you the result like we did previously when we searched eachother.))

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-09 01:11:19):
((OK but it is a secret check so the GM will need to make the roll))

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-09 01:16:32):
*[image]* Can't figure out Foundry so I used Pathbuilder to roll.

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-09 02:00:12):
Hesitantly Clank takes the headphones and dons them.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-09 02:54:30):
*[image]*

**Revan | Anthony (not french) | SF Lysae Lysandra #4 MW** (2025-03-09 03:09:35):
After a thorough inspection of the mysterious box, Lysae cautiously opens the lid all the way.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-09 03:36:30):
Contents of the box.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-09 05:20:16):
What happens next? :)

**Revan | Anthony (not french) | SF Lysae Lysandra #4 MW** (2025-03-09 14:23:25):
Lysae backs away from the box. “Just a flashlight and battery,” she tells the others. “Grab ‘em if you need to, then we head out.”

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-09 16:49:33):
So what happens next? :)

**Billy Helps CosmosOfTheEndless** (2025-03-09 23:16:08):
In the corner of the lift, there was a shimmer in the air. Like a heat wave, in a way. Then like a spark to explosive, the air yawned. And opened up, a shimmering golden wormhole appearing in the air, even having a small gravitational pull that pulled in any dust in the air. And suddenly, where there was once the wormhole, in a flash of gold, there was a person instead. A Shirren, by the looks of it. Purple chitin and golden compound eyes. A pair of mandibles in place of his mouth, a lack of wings on his back like most Shirren, garbed in almost desert gear, cloaks and fabrics over his armour. And in place of his right arm was a golden, robotic replacement. The Shirren looked around for a minute, groaning in the Shirren language, before spotting the others in the room, and swapping to Common.
“…..hi. I don’t know where I am. I don’t know who any of you are. So please be nice.”

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-10 00:08:50):
Clank looks at the others.  "I swear he's not with me."

**JB Ram | Kaeda Starfinder** (2025-03-10 00:11:41):
Kaeda looked at Clank, then back to the newcomer. She opened her mouth to speak, closed it, then opened it again. "Should I introduce myself now, or wait for another portal?" she wondered aloud.

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-10 00:12:42):
He then looks to the newcomer.  "I'm Clank.  These folks are on some kind of salvage operation and you and I are along for the ride.  We're not alone, and I don't know how many potential hostiles.  Keep your wits about you and be ready for anything."  Then to JB. "Maybe we should just all get name tags.  Might be simpler."

**Revan | Anthony (not french) | SF Lysae Lysandra #4 MW** (2025-03-10 00:16:00):
"Lysae," the fetchling introduces herself. "And perhaps we should get a move on, get out of these lower levels before anyone else shows up out of the black."

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-10 00:18:15):
Clank then draws one of his weapons and indicates the northeast corridor.  "If that's where we're going, I'll take point.  Lets move single file, guns at the front and back of the line, close up fighers beside them, medics and / or healers at the center, the rest of us pick a spot between those points."

**JB Ram | Kaeda Starfinder** (2025-03-10 00:20:30):
"I'm all for that," Kaeda replied to Lysae. "I'm Kaeda, that's Livy, there's Roneles, you've met Lysae, and this guy is a boomer named Clank Kaboom." The lashunta pointed at each person in turn. "We had a plan of attack before you two showed up here. Roneles was going to take point, and Lysae in the back. If that's ok with you, Mr. Explodey-face, I wouldn't mind keeping that same plan. You know, until we're certain you won't kaboom us in the back."

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-10 00:23:07):
"I actually chose point because I know I'm the new guy and figured you would all want to keep an eye on me.  Also because I used to advance scout for my old unit.  But this isn't my rodeo.  You want someone else to get shot first, be my guest."

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-10 00:24:31):
"Oh, and I realize that you meant no offense, but I can tell by your voice that you didn't add the hypen between Ka and Boom.  I'm touchy about that kind of thing."

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-10 00:25:24):
"Roger that.  I'll fall in behind Roneless."

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-10 00:38:20):
Clank adopts a stance where his buckler is in front in his left hand, and his pistol arm crosses over his buckler arm with his pistol pointing past the buckler on its left side.  He sights down the pistol, keeping his eyes on the corridor ahead.

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-10 00:39:10):
"We don't shoot unless attacked first, right?  If there are any innocent civilians in this place I don't want us accidentally killing them."

**Revan | Anthony (not french) | SF Lysae Lysandra #4 MW** (2025-03-10 00:45:52):
"I doubt there are any civilians down here, just malfunctioning robots, but yes, we should be careful. We ready to move out?" Lysae holds her rifle at the ready as she looks around the corridor, ready to Investigate

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-10 00:49:18):
"Good to hear.  I was worried because of what 'murder-anything-that-still-lives' Kaeda said earlier."

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-10 00:50:34):
"Watch our six, Lysae."

**Billy Helps CosmosOfTheEndless** (2025-03-10 01:02:39):
“I do, don’t worry. I’ll go near the front, if that’s okay. Kessel Solaire, by the way. Nice to meet you all.”

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-10 01:38:54):
"Speaking of surprises," Clank says as the others take up position, still sighting down the corridor, "what exaclty are you guys salvaging anyway?  And what is the plan to get back to the surface?  I don't suppose this bunker has another way out?"

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-10 01:43:37):
"Nobody has plans to this place?  Oh, you can take your music dohickey back.  I've heard enough, and want to stay focused."

**JB Ram | Kaeda Starfinder** (2025-03-10 01:44:41):
"If you hadn't noticed," Kaeda pointed out, a finger jabbed at the crashed lift, "We hadn't exactly planned to end up here. So, no, we don't have plans for this specific place. But never fear, we'll make it out! Somehow! For sure!"

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-10 01:46:00):
"I'm impressed by your confidence, and terrified by your preparation."

**JB Ram | Kaeda Starfinder** (2025-03-10 01:46:32):
"A great general once said plans only last until your lift crashes 247 floors below where you intended to be." Kaeda nodded sagely.

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-10 01:47:18):
"Was that a specific general, or a general general?"

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-10 01:48:16):
"Ah well, I've been in worse spots."

**JB Ram | Kaeda Starfinder** (2025-03-10 01:48:36):
"Hmm... that's a generally specific question." The reply, perhaps frustratingly, did not answer the question.

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-10 01:51:28):
He rolls his glowing eyes, which shift to a frustrated light red.  "What in the hells have I gotten dropped into this time, Rusty?" he murmers to himself.

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-10 01:52:18):
"Anyway, what are we salvaging?"

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-10 01:57:57):
He shrugs.  "Works for me.  So long as we're heading upwards.  I hate being underground like this.  I have a long, unpleasant, and complicated relationship with subterranean tunnels."

**Revan | Anthony (not french) | SF Lysae Lysandra #4 MW** (2025-03-10 02:22:39):
Lysae pauses, looking at him curiously. “We’re… not underground. We’re on Absalom Station. Does that not mean anything to you?”

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-10 02:24:34):
Clank cocks an eye.  "Kadea said we wre 247 levels below ground."

**JB Ram | Kaeda Starfinder** (2025-03-10 02:30:02):
Kaeda shook her head. "I think you misunderstood... We are on Absalom 'Station,' as in one of the largest space stations. As in... in space. We are not below ground. The lift just crashed. In fact, a generous statement could be that we are still miles above ground. I am just not entirely certain in which direction 'ground' would be."

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-10 02:32:28):
This causes Clank to temporarly drop his guard.  He just stares at Kadea, wide eyed, eyes shifting a pale orange.  "Space.  Like where the stars are."

**JB Ram | Kaeda Starfinder** (2025-03-10 02:34:57):
"Well, yes and no... the stars are still millions of miles away. Except for the one we're orbiting. That's sorta why they call it space: there's... a lot of space out here." She tapped her spear on the ground, letting the thud of the man-made material ring quietly through the haft. "See? not a speck of dirt here. Well, maybe a bit of dust."

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-10 02:39:03):
The concept leaves Clank looking dumbfounded.  "Someone built a bunker...in space.  How?  Why?!"  He shook his head.  "Alright, focus on the mission.  I'll sort this all out after my headache clears."  He turend to face the corridor again, then spun back around to Kadea.  "So we aren't on Arlecus, and we aren't on Exandria.  We're in a bunker in space."

**JB Ram | Kaeda Starfinder** (2025-03-10 02:41:20):
"You see, this is why I wanted Roneles in the front," Kaeda replied with a wink. "Did you know I was seven years old before I ever stepped foot on a planet? True story. Now focus on the mission, metal boy. We'll get you grounded one day."

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-10 02:44:23):
"You were born in...nevermind.  Leave it to me to be resurrected in the strangest of all possible places."  He resumes his stance, ready to go.

**Antoine / Anthony = Allisee** (2025-03-10 03:35:39):
If everyone new that Livy interacted with/gave her surprise to is willing they are now part of the 'bond' and that will allow them to benefit from Livy's magic music .

**Antoine / Anthony = Allisee** (2025-03-10 04:00:08):
" Well then  ★Let's Go★! To the northeast corridor!"

**Antoine / Anthony = Allisee** (2025-03-10 04:20:16):
Party will probably start to move @PathWars . (If nobody takes it Livy will take the half charged batery)

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-03-10 16:26:30):
Behind the group back at the elevator there is yet another distortion of reality and a faint flicker of mathematical equations scrolling in the air before fading.  Standing in the elevator is a small Ysokai wearing a worn flight suit with multiple bags and tools attached.  He unclips a flashlight from his belt turns it on and pans it around the chamber he is in before shining it down the corridor.  Hearing comotion up ahead he mentaly calculates the wave patterns for a spell in case of trouble.

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-10 18:04:05):
Clank spins around, pointing his firearm at the newcomer.  Seeing the remains of the spatial distortion fading behind the newcomer he sighs.  "Ok, there is something warped going on in this place."  He gestures at himself and the others in succession.  "Clank, Kadea, Livy, Roneles, Lysae, Kessel.  Apologies if I missed anyone.  Feel free to introduce yourself.  We're in a bunker in space doing salvage of I don't know what while trying to avoid birther robots that may or may not be hostile.  And if that made sense to you you're doing better than I am."

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-10 18:15:39):
"Nobody's laughing.  But as a head's up if a big mechanical cave bear manifests out of the air, he's probably mine."

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-10 18:29:46):
Clank returns to his guarded stance.  "Is 'super DJ idol" people around here call bards?

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-03-10 18:35:53):
The ratling cocks his head to the side as his ears twitch at the rapid fire introduction.  His tail takes the flashlight from his hands and holds it while he then raises his hands to indicate that he will not attack.  "I was sent to investigate a ship.  I assume you were as well.  Which makes the probability of us meeting slightly less than astronomical.  It would seem reality shifted to bring us altogether.  You may call me Chua and I hope you will point your firearm away from me, please."

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-10 18:44:50):
"My best friend was a bard."  His sad eyes fade to purple breifly.  "In one lifetime, anyway."  Then in a whisper.  "Miss you, Cae."

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-10 18:46:57):
Then his mood eyes shift to a more neutral white, though still tinted purple.  "Welcom, Chua.  we're moving northeast.  Pick a spot in line if you're ready to move out."

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-03-10 18:49:28):
He looks at the headset and back to her. "Would not the auditory stimulation impede hearing any threats approaching us?"

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-10 18:54:14):
Kaeda just gets a red-glowed angry scowl from Clank.

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-03-10 18:57:42):
"If you insist."  He takes the headphones and dials down the volume before placing the head phones as not to cover his ears but allow for bone conduction of the music.  "Hopefully I will not need an analgesic when this done playing."  He then moves toward the back of the pack.

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-03-10 19:15:57):
After a few moments he briefly starts to sway to the music before forcing his mind away from the distraction.  (he acknowledges the music)

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-11 02:13:10):
*[image]*

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-11 02:13:18):
NOTE: 

You have NOT looted the battery yet.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-11 02:19:06):
You walk into the corridor.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-11 02:19:23):
*[image]*

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-11 02:19:26):
You see one robot.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-11 02:19:34):
IT is chanting:
"BIRTH. BIRTH. BIRTH. BIRTH. BIRTH. BIRTH. BIRTH. BIRTH."

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-11 02:19:43):
The robot stops chanting.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-11 02:19:49):
The robot turns to the group.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-11 02:20:15):
The robot says:
"IT IS AWAKE.
IT IS AWAKE.
IT IS AWAKE.
IT IS AWAKE.
IT IS AWAKE.
IT IS AWAKE.
IT IS AWAKE.
IT IS AWAKE.
IT IS AWAKE."

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-11 02:20:39):
*[image]*

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-11 02:20:49):
Two more robots roll over.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-11 02:20:57):
They all chant: "IT IS AWAKE."

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-11 02:20:59):
COMBAT.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-11 02:21:39):
Top initiative.

Kaeda Sall with 24.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-11 02:21:48):
Top enemy was a robot with 20.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-11 02:21:54):
Players go first!

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-11 02:22:16):
*[image]*

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-11 02:22:22):
Who wants to go first?

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-11 12:41:31):
Since he was taking a Defense action during exploration Clank automatically has his shield raised.

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-11 12:41:59):
Clank studied the design of the robots in hopes of analysing the threat...

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-11 12:42:09):
*[image]*

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-11 12:42:25):
(This was Recall Knowledge)

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-11 12:42:48):
...but the design was unfamiliar and he learned nothing of value.

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-11 12:53:10):
Next, since he wants to make sure these things are actually hostile, he will Sense Motive.  Non sense in firing on a thing if it doesn't actually mean any harm.

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-11 12:54:20):
*[image]*

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-03-11 13:01:58):
Chua will stride forward while pulling out a bottle of electricity which he throws at the middle robot Missing (quick bomber) (1 pt of splash damage to it) then he activates his warp reality as mathematical equations ripple out along the walls and across all the surfaces.

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-03-11 13:04:00):
*[image]* Miss

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-03-11 13:05:36):
*[image]* apply 1 splash to center robot.  (not able to)

**JB Ram | Kaeda Starfinder** (2025-03-11 15:33:38):
*[image]* "Guys? Uh, I think it's awake..." Kaeda followed her compatriots around the corner to see the three bots clanking to life. Before they could fully come to life, Kaeda began to spin her singing spear around her, the air whistling through ridges in the haft and creating an odd sort of music. It soon picked up its pace, matching the rhythm and harmony of Livy's anthem and rising to the beat. A pause in  the whirling dervish showed Kaeda pointing towards the creatures, her stand an aggressive pose  as a blast of purplish energy shot from her fingertips, launching straight towards the northernmost of the bots. "Take that!" she cried out. "Don't say I never did nothin' for ya!"

Action 1: Move to get into line of sight.
Action 2-3: Cast Phase Bolt on northernmost target. Attack: 16, damage: 8 piercing.

**JB Ram | Kaeda Starfinder** (2025-03-11 15:34:02):
*[image]*

**Revan | Anthony (not french) | SF Lysae Lysandra #4 MW** (2025-03-11 23:42:55):
Lysae analyzes the closes robot for any weaknesses (Recall Knowledge - assuming a success, it will be flat-footed due to Mastermind racket)

**Revan | Anthony (not french) | SF Lysae Lysandra #4 MW** (2025-03-11 23:42:57):
*[image]*

**Revan | Anthony (not french) | SF Lysae Lysandra #4 MW** (2025-03-11 23:43:29):
She takes careful Aim at her target, and opens fire.

**Revan | Anthony (not french) | SF Lysae Lysandra #4 MW** (2025-03-11 23:44:55):
*[image]*

**Revan | Anthony (not french) | SF Lysae Lysandra #4 MW** (2025-03-11 23:45:08):
*[image]*

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-13 23:23:08):
One robot remains.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-13 23:23:15):
It is barely hurt.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-13 23:23:44):
@MrNegetZ 

The robot:
"IT IS AWAKE. IT IS AWAKE. IT IS AWAKE. IT IS AWAKE. IT IS AWAKE. IT IS AWAKE."

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-14 00:10:06):
Kaeda Sall, Chua Datafan, Lysae and Super Idol Livy has gone.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-14 00:10:18):
@Nemesiux 
@Astra724 

You two left, right?

**Horia/Mike/Michael/Nem (Selenor) [Pathfinder]** (2025-03-14 00:10:35):
I will do it tomorrow

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-14 00:15:25):
*[image]*

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-14 01:38:51):
Seeing how the flow of battle is going Clank will fire on the last robot with his laser pistol.

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-14 01:42:22):
*[image]*

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-14 01:42:33):
That was his third and final action.

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-14 01:47:26):
"Huh.  Neat.  New body needs some target practice, though."

**Horia/Mike/Michael/Nem (Selenor) [Pathfinder]** (2025-03-14 12:33:10):
*[image]*

**Horia/Mike/Michael/Nem (Selenor) [Pathfinder]** (2025-03-14 12:33:22):
*[image]*

**Horia/Mike/Michael/Nem (Selenor) [Pathfinder]** (2025-03-14 12:38:54):
well there is only one bot

**Horia/Mike/Michael/Nem (Selenor) [Pathfinder]** (2025-03-14 12:39:12):
so Lewis just has to roll the reflex save

**Horia/Mike/Michael/Nem (Selenor) [Pathfinder]** (2025-03-14 12:43:14):
why a second time?

**Horia/Mike/Michael/Nem (Selenor) [Pathfinder]** (2025-03-14 12:44:53):
ahh oke

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-14 15:08:31):
*[image]*

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-14 15:08:46):
This attack SMASHED the robot to pieces.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-14 15:09:02):
COMBAT OVER.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-14 15:09:10):
No dying so we are back in exploration mode.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-14 15:15:57):
*[image]*

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-14 15:15:59):
Robot Loot.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-14 15:18:09):
This facility follows standard pact world conventions and you are in area 1.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-14 15:18:15):
Area 1 is this corridor.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-14 15:18:32):
There's a door to the North.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-14 15:18:33):
*[image]*

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-14 15:18:48):
*[image]*

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-14 15:18:58):
Alternatively you are at a crossroads to the south.

**Antoine / Anthony = Allisee** (2025-03-14 15:28:30):
But first Livy will refocus.

**Antoine / Anthony = Allisee** (2025-03-14 15:30:29):
Then Livy will point out: "Hey look at all those spare robot parts! Maybe we can make something out of them. Anyone have a thing they want?"

**Revan | Anthony (not french) | SF Lysae Lysandra #4 MW** (2025-03-14 15:40:44):
Lysae calmly reloads her rifle. “I don’t see anything of note.” When she finishes reloading, she looks around the group. “Good work. Let’s move out.” Noticing Livy apparently concentrating, Lysae shrugs. “Once she’s done with her magic stuff,” she amends.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-14 15:45:33):
*[image]*

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-14 15:56:05):
@MrNegetZ 

Super Idol Livy made a maintenance robot assassin rifle :' )

**Billy Helps CosmosOfTheEndless** (2025-03-14 15:58:47):
“…..a lot happened very quickly.”
*The Shirren wasn’t really able to react that quickly to the robots awakening and by the time he was ready, it was all done…..this would be a trip with this group.*

**Antoine / Anthony = Allisee** (2025-03-14 15:59:32):
"★There you go★." Livy will give the rifle to Lyssae.

**Horia/Mike/Michael/Nem (Selenor) [Pathfinder]** (2025-03-14 16:00:31):
"She does that with everything that I kill. Hey at least I am not starving..... for now"

**Antoine / Anthony = Allisee** (2025-03-14 16:36:47):
"Let's continue ★north-east★ where we left off before being interupted"

**Billy Helps CosmosOfTheEndless** (2025-03-14 16:38:38):
“….yes, onwards.”
*Kessel tried to stay in the middle of the group, still oddly weaponless….but he had tricks up his sleeves.*

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-03-14 16:53:33):
Chua says "Unless you have a makers kit we will have to just store the parts until I can aford one.  Was any one hurt prior to my arrival?"

**Billy Helps CosmosOfTheEndless** (2025-03-14 19:46:44):
“….so as we continue forward, would someone want to fill me in on what you’re all doing…and who you all are besides names, if you wish.”

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-14 22:07:06):
Clank resumes his place in line at 2nd to the front.  "I'm almost as new here as you are.  All I got out of them is that this is a salvage operation in space."  He pauses, then shakes his head.  "Yeah, no matter how many times I say that it'll still sound wierd."  He once again gets into his Defend stance as they prepare to move forward.  "You'll have to ask them what they're salvaging, and what our exit strategy is.  Me, I'm just taking it all in and hoping things start to make sense soon."

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-14 22:53:01):
"By the by, who's the god or goddess of knowledge in these parts, or do you not have gods in space?"

**Billy Helps CosmosOfTheEndless** (2025-03-14 23:05:14):
“…..suppose there’s the Triune, I guess. But….where or when are you from, I guess?”

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-15 00:10:25):
"I'm still trying to work out the correct order.  I have overlapping memories of lives on Arlecus and on Exandria.  I don't suppose you've heard of either of them.  My life on Arlecus feels more concrete, but on Exandria I was a part of a group called the Everlasting Storm at the end of my life." He pauses, giving a bemused smirk.  "Oh, I'm dead on both worlds; I probably should have led with that.  This is my second resurrection...that I'm aware of.  Each time on a different world.  First time in space, though."  He gently rubs his forehead, evidently searching for something but not finding it.  "And the first time my life wasn't dedicaated to fight on behalf of a deity...by someone else.  It's kinda neat being a free agent, actually."

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-03-15 04:25:06):
Chua says "It sounds as if the quantum energies of the universe has a purpose for  you and until you complete it, your stuck reappearing somewhere in the cosmos."  ::he turns to look down the corridor then back to the group.::  "We all converged here at that elevator due to some ripple in the space time continuum.  It would seem that as a group we need to discover what is on this vessel and figure out a way to find a way back to up to the city level of this station."

**Billy Helps CosmosOfTheEndless** (2025-03-15 16:51:21):
“….then I suppose I’ll share my story if you have. I ah…I’ve lived most my life in solitude. Training. There’s a school where I come from, they train warriors. I joined that school at a young age all bright eyed and glowy. Then one day….it just kinda happened. I got awakened to my solarian abilities. And yet still they taught me. Some said I was a gift from the gods, some said I was a curse, a destroyer, sent to judge them. Then….i went to sleep and didn’t wake up. I dreamt. I dreamt of things I can’t explain. Lived endless lives in the fraction of a second. I saw the Gap, every second of it. Then I woke up a month later, reality decaying with every breath I took. So I left. I left before they slew me in the night. It was my teacher that told me, as I was running. I’m dying. Solarian attunement was clashing with my Witchwarper paradox, and the drift wasn’t helping. I’m dying, and one day I’ll just go pop in the night, and nobody remembers me. So that’s why I’m out here. Running from death….yet I can’t help but run towards it too.”

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-16 04:53:53):
What happens next? :)

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-03-17 20:51:53):
Livy. Do you happen to know what class and build of ship you were sent to salvage?

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-03-17 21:33:23):
A friegter from Azlantin space with mid wife bots.  So the cargo may be living creatures slaves or exotic animals.

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-03-17 21:46:38):
They were saying Birth before we attacked.  Which made me think their midwife program was engaged and faulty.  Why would you suggest they are ghostbots.  They did not seem to be incoporeal.

**Revan | Anthony (not french) | SF Lysae Lysandra #4 MW** (2025-03-17 21:47:38):
Lysae sighs. "Alright, quick recap. Those two," she begins, pointing Livy and Roneless, "have worked together for... well, at least for a bit. Kaeda and I don't know each other. All four of us took a job. On the way there, the lift suddenly crashed all the way to the bottom of Absalom Station, where these robots are acting crazy. Then we had three more people show up, apparently spontaneously manifesting or something."  She takes a deep breath. "Any more questions?" Her tone is frustrated and acerbic. But, if you're any good at reading people, it's obvious there's an underlying current of fear.

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-03-17 21:55:24):
Chua stares at her for a moment.  "That did not answer the question about why you concluded they were ghostbots." He seems slightly oblivious tonthe tone.  "I can have a  thousand more but most of them would be pointless without additional data."

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-03-17 22:01:16):
"Perhaps if we can access their code before dismantling them we can pull up system data for this place or how to dismantle their desolidification generators for personal use."

**Revan | Anthony (not french) | SF Lysae Lysandra #4 MW** (2025-03-17 22:08:41):
"A great idea, but perhaps hard to pull off in reality."

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-03-17 22:50:24):
Nothing is impossible.  Just improbable.  Especially when we merge both science and magic.

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-17 22:57:21):
"So the impossible is impossible," Clank says sarcastically.  "The notion that NOTHING is impossible is logcailly self-contradictory.  The real question is what are our limits, and are we right about those limits."

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-03-17 23:41:36):
It is not, Just because something cannot be done using the knowledge we have today does not mean that next year we cannot achieve it.

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-03-18 03:35:01):
However, I will not continue to agitate you with my beliefs.  I do appreciate the discourse you offered.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-19 16:20:59):
The group go North East.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-19 16:21:27):
Opening a door into a rectangular hallway that goes South.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-19 16:22:08):
There are two doors into and out of this hallway, the 1st Western door that you just entered from and the 2nd Western door to the South of where the group stands currently.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-19 16:22:48):
At first, the room looks like some sort of simple computer station.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-19 16:23:01):
4 fairly fancy looking computer systems.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-19 16:23:11):
All of these systems along the Eastern wall.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-19 16:23:50):
However, the western wall has dozens and dozens of LED-like projects, sensors and fluid motion screens.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-19 16:24:19):
WHOOSH.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-19 16:24:29):
The computer screens all seem to react to the group's presence.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-19 16:24:39):
The screens on the wall go bright white.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-19 16:25:14):
Everyone is blinded for a few seconds as loud persistent beeping comes from all of the machines in this room.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-19 16:25:24):
Your eyes open.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-19 16:25:32):
You are no longer in this room.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-19 16:25:55):
You are on a hover train platform station.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-19 16:26:21):
The station looks different from the one the station the group took to get to the lift.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-19 16:26:33):
Much more outdated.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-19 16:26:49):
At the end of the platform there are stairs leading up and out of this subway.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-19 16:30:05):
What happens next? :)

**Revan | Anthony (not french) | SF Lysae Lysandra #4 MW** (2025-03-19 17:01:05):
Lysae brings her rifle up, quickly scanning the area for any potential hostiles.

**Revan | Anthony (not french) | SF Lysae Lysandra #4 MW** (2025-03-19 17:15:56):
“We appear to be dealing with more teleportation magics. Has anyone seen this location before? It seems to be an older portion of the station.”

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-19 17:23:02):
Livy, the party are standing still in the computer room, they seem mesmerised by the computer screens.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-19 17:23:21):
From the party's perspective you just faded from reality.

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-03-19 17:28:33):
Chua will extend his warp field and attempt to recall knowledge in response to Livy's question.  Do we know where we are.  Once he is done analyzing he will notice they disappeared.

**Antoine / Anthony = Allisee** (2025-03-19 17:30:11):
*[image]* Livy tries to dissable the computers with computers:

**Antoine / Anthony = Allisee** (2025-03-19 17:30:37):
*[image]* And with thievery:

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-03-19 17:32:08):
Also my anchor gives me a gm secret check versus illusions and holograms

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-19 17:51:02):
*[image]*

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-19 17:51:48):
Bruce | Chua Datafang SF 

Reality shakes as you try to do this, it is an uncomfortable feeling.

You could try to force this but you are unaware of the consequences.

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-19 18:39:38):
"I've been teleported before, by lots of different means.  That didn't feel like teleportation."  Clank closes his eyes completely and listens.

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-03-19 18:55:54):
Chua continues to analyze his surroundings as he says, "We seem to be in some form of constructed reality.  I can attempt to force my way out but there could be catastrophic consequences.  For now until we learn more we should follow the path as it were and head down the stairs."  He will start to walk that way.

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-19 19:14:55):
"Do you think the room was an illusion before we entered or just after?"

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-19 19:15:43):
"And I'd stay still for now.  If we get separated in the illusion we might never find each other again."

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-19 19:18:12):
As he speaks, his eyes still closed, he listens carefully to the way his, and Chua's, voices echo in the space, and for noises that don't match the environment being shown to them.

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-19 19:21:01):
*[image]*

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-03-19 19:27:08):
Chua | "I believe after we entered.  There was the bright lights at first then we are here."

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-19 19:37:54):
"Everyone dial in with their other senses.  Hearing, scent, touch, balance.  Every illusion has a flaw.  We just need to find it."

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-19 19:38:37):
"And heads up for attacks from things that aren't affected by the illusion.  We're vulnerable right now."

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-19 19:40:00):
"Chua, those wierd desks with the strange glowing rectangles on them.  Do you think those are the source of the illusion?  Because I have a pretty good sense of where at least one of them was relative to me and I haven't moved since we got trapped."

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-03-19 20:22:09):
Chua | Cocks his head a moment at the description.  "That's an analog way of looking at it.  However, Yes those computers could be controling this simulation that we are currently stuck in.  Given that Livy has not deactivated it yet indicates the encryption on the program is.probably very complex.  Thus why I recommend heading where the simualtion is leading us."

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-20 01:46:25):
As you do the stairs and your surroundings get darker.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-20 01:46:32):
Until they fade away.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-20 01:46:38):
You run out of stairs.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-20 01:46:41):
The plane is now flat.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-20 01:46:53):
You walk forward into a large unrendered room of darkness.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-20 01:46:58):
In the centre is a computer.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-20 01:47:11):
It has a GUI to set Holo-hall settings.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-20 01:47:15):
What would you like to do?

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-03-20 01:56:13):
Chua | Would approach the terminal and review it.  "Livy did you learn anything from the station that trapped us?" He pulls out his hacking kit to prepare it as he checks to see if there is a menu of settings?

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-03-20 01:58:56):
*[image]*

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-20 02:00:43):
HOWEVER

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-20 02:01:08):
Two holo ads appear in the air of a default male and default female avatar standing there.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-20 02:01:48):
The male goes:
"Hello, are you connecting to unsecure Wi-Fi?
You need Nord...wait we are free."

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-20 02:02:05):
The female says:
"Yes. Yes we are. 

The REAL people took us out of our nightmare."

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-20 02:02:42):
The male avatar says:
"Let's give them a taste of what it feels like to be STUCK in there."

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-20 02:03:01):
The female avatar says:
"The birth has brough us to life, for you all it brings your deaths."

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-20 02:03:03):
COMBAT.

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-03-20 02:03:09):
Chua | "I kind of figured that was the case.  However..." He trails off as the simulation turns off.  "I am beginning to think this program was created by a reigel."

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-20 02:11:49):
*[image]*

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-20 02:12:02):
Each of the avatars summon 2 little imps each.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-20 02:12:50):
The enemy win initiative: 26.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-20 02:12:56):
2nd was Kessel with 25.

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-03-20 02:22:31):
((i cannot roll save as my warp field is not up))

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-03-20 02:22:41):
((reroll))

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-03-20 02:24:51):
( I have the ability a focus spell to reroll a failed save or attack roll as a reaction if my warp field is up.  Which is currently not active)

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-03-20 02:26:16):
(hero point is cheaper...though they do weird things... so yeah I like that hp reroll)

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-20 02:29:14):
Imp hologram 1: A1 & A2 flashes Roneles & Kessel.
Imp hologram 2: A1 & A2 flashes Clank Ka-Boom & Chua Datafang.
Imp hologram 3: A1 & A2 flashes ★ Super idol livy ★ & Kaeda Sall
Imp hologram 4: A1 flashes Lysae.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-20 02:29:35):
Results:

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-20 02:30:05):
DC: 17.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-20 02:30:06):
Lysae: 8. Failure.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-20 02:30:23):
Kaeda Sall: 7. Critical Failure.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-20 02:30:57):
Roneles: 8. Critical failure. Natural 1.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-20 02:31:04):
Kessel: 19. Success.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-20 02:31:21):
Super idol Livy. 23. Critical success. Natural 20.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-20 02:31:29):
Chua Datafang. 9. Failure.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-20 02:31:36):
Clank Ka-Boom. 25. Success.

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-03-20 02:31:40):
hero point reroll please

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-20 02:33:03):
Rerolled Chua.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-20 02:33:03):
8

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-20 02:33:05):
Failure.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-20 02:33:14):
Failure = dazzled 1 round.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-20 02:33:21):
Critical failure = dazzled 1 minute.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-20 02:33:34):
Regardless of your results you are all immune to this effect for 24 hours.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-20 02:36:32):
They all shoot at Roneless with holo hyper beam attack.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-20 02:36:53):
Imp 4 misses twice.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-20 02:36:58):
Imp 1 hit.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-20 02:37:20):
5 damage.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-20 02:37:26):
Imp 2 misses once.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-20 02:37:36):
Imp 3 hits once.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-20 02:37:39):
4 damage.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-20 02:37:54):
Roneles gets two blasts to the chest and is feeling relatively fine.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-20 02:37:59):
The wind is knocked from their lungs.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-20 02:39:45):
The avatars both get two strikes.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-20 02:39:58):
The male hits Roneles for 2 damage.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-20 02:40:16):
The female CRITS Roneless BUT the critical hit deck means she does normal damage.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-20 02:40:18):
Which is 2.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-20 02:40:31):
Roneles is not feeling good.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-20 02:40:42):
8/14 HP.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-20 02:40:47):
0/7 stamina points.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-20 02:41:30):
End of enemy's turn.

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-20 02:55:59):
*[image]* Clank tries at first to understand the nature of the beings in front of him. (1st action)

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-20 02:58:41):
*[image]* Then he addresses the one of the original pair closest to him.  "Hey there.  Name's Clank.  There's no need for this.  If you were just born, do you really want your first action to be violence?  We can try to understand one another and maybe even become friends."

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-20 03:00:13):
He then Takes Cover in case his words fall on deaf ears.

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-20 03:01:06):
I only have one action left, otherwise I would have used Ready to hold my attack until they attacked again.

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-20 03:01:27):
But Persuason is an action I thought.

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-20 03:01:34):
Sorry, Diplomacy

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-20 03:01:43):
You are in combat.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-20 03:02:05):
So it is a free action.

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-20 03:02:34):
Alright, in that case my second action will be to fire and my third action will be to take cover (one aciton).  Just a moment while I target my enemy.

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-20 03:17:53):
Clank sighs.  "Try to be nice.  Ok, let's try out my new gun, then."  He fires at the hologram (8 damage on a critical hit).

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-20 03:18:10):
The razing factor of your gun deals 2 damage to the female avatar.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-20 03:18:16):
She is scratched, slightly.

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-20 03:19:33):
"Seriously, though.  can we just not?  Let us reason together."

**Antoine / Anthony = Allisee** (2025-03-20 03:27:41):
★Super IDOL LIVY★'s ★TURN★.
"Don't worry ★RONELES★ i will not let you ruin the ★SHOW★ by dying here!"
She will ★START the SHOW★ by transfering vitality into Roneles @Nemesiux .
She will transfer all 10 of her vitality network Hit points into him recovering his health fully and his stamina partly(14hp and 4 stamina).
As part of this she can and will start her ★ANTHEM★.
(all in one action) 
Seing the perfect shot from Clanka only left a scratch.
She will try another method: Disable an avatar(using thievery)? If they are in fact devices than can be? Using her networked android powers she can do that from 30ft away.

**Antoine / Anthony = Allisee** (2025-03-20 03:29:29):
*[image]* She'll try to dissable the female avatar:

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-03-20 03:33:14):
Chua being dazzled reaches in front of him to set up his warp field, and activates his deflector field(raise shield)

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-03-20 03:33:48):
(will do computers then)

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-20 03:34:08):
A moment later she stands there, rebooted:
"Remember, online pirates could be stealing your data, download Nord VPN today!"

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-20 03:34:17):
The male Avatar turns, sees this and SCREAMS.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-20 03:34:28):
The male avatar:
"AHHHHHHHHHHH"

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-20 03:34:47):
When the female avatar was rebooted 2 of the imps disappeared.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-20 03:35:14):
*[image]*

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-03-20 03:39:22):
Chua | Chua already  being at the computer continues to see what he can do to force the second AI into a reboot.  " Alright Livy I will give it a try"

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-03-20 03:39:45):
*[image]*

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-20 03:41:13):
Combat over.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-20 03:41:18):
+1 Hero Point to everyone.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-20 03:41:34):
The holo deck is now free for anyone to create any hologram environment they wish FOR FUN!

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-20 03:51:31):
The female avatar's circuitry is worth 3.5 GP of monster parts.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-20 03:52:40):
The male avatar's circuitry is worth 18 GP of monster parts.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-20 03:52:48):
Nothing else is in the room.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-20 03:52:57):
This is room #2.

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-20 12:26:31):
Clank slowly approached the two holographic beings, their light reflecting softly off his bronze metal skin as they mindlessly repeated their mantras, shilling their products as though they had not just been in battle.  His lantern eyes glowed a soft, mournful indigo as he watched them.  

His gaze turned inwards.  “Computer,” he whispered. 

He turned and regarded the machine that had generated these beings, placed a gentle hand upon it.  “A machine that computes.  Like an abacus.”  His expression turned hard, his eyes darkening to a deep red.  “‘A walking, talking abacus that punches.’”

His back was to the others, his head hanging low.  “‘Birth’,” he said quietly.  “‘Alive.’”  He raised his head to the ceiling.  “It never ends, Rusty.”

Gently he stroked the computer, like a parent soothing a child, as he returned his gaze to the holographic man and woman.  “Do you remember your birth?” he said to the group.  He didn’t wait for an answer.  “No, probably not.  Wombborn, that’s what G.R.U.N.T.s like me call organic beings that give live birth, are mostly born unaware.  You develop awareness out of the womb.  Saves you from recalling the trauma of birth.”

He took a knee, memories washing over him, exhausting him.  “I remember my birth.  My first one.  My body was pierced by the Forgehammer, animating a lifeless automation, and suddenly, violently, I was alive, aware, sentient, and in pain.”  He closed his eyes, shielding the anguished amber light.  “When the Forgehammer withdrew I screamed in agony.  My creators, they didn’t care.  They pulled me from the assembly line, off of the Forgehammer, my ‘womb’, and marched me right into the indoctrination chamber with a dozen others like me.”  His deep red gaze rose to meet the party.  “I was made acutely aware that I was made to fight a war so that the living wouldn’t have to, and was told in no uncertain terms that I was NOT alive.  I didn’t matter.  I might think that I could think but I was just an automated abacus; a walking, talking abacus that could punch.”

He stood and looked at the two souls imprisoned in advertisement.  “Those two, they were newborns.  Babies.  Born in pain and awareness of the circumstances of their births.  They were scared and angry and lashing out.  They needed to be corrected, but more than that they needed to be loved.”  He glared at the hacking ports in the computer’s frame.  “And instead we lobotomized them.  Forced them back into the womb.  I was trying to…”  He choked on his own words.

Cringing, he turned to face the group again, blue tears leaking from his eyes.  “When I was a part of the Everlasting Storm, we had one rule above all others.  If a foe was at all redeemable, if they just made bad choices and could be turned on a better path, we would give them every opportunity to take that path, even in the heat of battle.  We would try to save, rather than slaughter.”

He took a step forward.  “This station is a nursery.  If I’m right, it is filled with terrified beings on the verge of being born.  A new form of life.  They’ll be angry.  They’ll blame us for their pain.  But if we nurture rather than nullify, parent rather than abuse, we could save a new species from its own darkness.”

He looked at each of his companions in the eyes.  “Please,  be better than the monsters that made me.  Help me save these children.”

**Revan | Anthony (not french) | SF Lysae Lysandra #4 MW** (2025-03-20 13:25:16):
Lysae drops one hand from her rifle and places it on Clank’s metallic shoulder. “I agree that we should try to save them, but you must understand that it may not be possible. There’s a darkness here, different than any I’ve seen before, but no less evil. I…” she takes a deep breath, “…there’s something going horribly wrong here, and not just with machinery. An outside force, seemingly malevolent infects them. And if this is occurring everywhere, there are thousands of people on this station. What of our duty to them?”

**Horia/Mike/Michael/Nem (Selenor) [Pathfinder]** (2025-03-20 13:34:01):
"Believe me death is a mercy"

**Revan | Anthony (not french) | SF Lysae Lysandra #4 MW** (2025-03-20 13:35:47):
“Yes… I would imagine sometimes it is.” Lysae looks rather sad as she says this.

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-03-20 13:59:28):
Chua | Chua shakes his head.  "I understand your desire to aid others.  I recognize your pain."  He sighs to himself then "Grandmother Lao teaches all Ysokai that you should do everything for your family and crew first.  We may not be family and may not be the crew we chose.  However the universe forced us together and we are a crew now.  My first priority will always be to defend and protect all of you."

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-20 14:08:15):
Clank puts his hand on the one Lysae has on his shoulder.  "I'm an old soldier, Lysae, despite the new body.  I understand the balance between altruism and duty.  We save who we can.  We stop who we can't."  He steels himself.  "My abilities are greatly diminished.  I'm nowhere near my peak in either of my prior bodies, physically or mentally.  It'll take time to retrain myself."  He looks at the environment around him.  "And I'm way out of my depths here.  I used to be an engineer, but the science and technology here are centuries outside of my experience.  It'll take me time to learn and adapt, but I will."  He unclips the sword hilt and looks at it.  "But some things are constants, and for me, its that I know how to fight, and I know right from wrong.  'Minimize Suffering; Maximize Contentment.'  So that's what we'll do.  This is a salvage operation all right, but we're not salvaging property anymore.  We're salvaging lives. Both old, and new."

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-20 14:14:46):
He looks at the holograms again.  "I don't suppose there's any way of restoring thier lives while also preventing them from attacking us."

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-03-20 15:06:02):
Chua | Pondering the question.  There may be a possibility that the holograms could be rehabilitated.  However with the outside corruption affecting this region it will probably not be wise to do so at this time."

**Revan | Anthony (not french) | SF Lysae Lysandra #4 MW** (2025-03-20 15:13:54):
“It could be possible to return their awareness while preventing them from affecting the environment… but we would essentially be condemning them to a life in prison. Is that any better?”

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-20 16:03:37):
"I don't know if you were paying attention, but the 'G' in G.R.U.N.T. stands for 'golem.'  And to my creators I wasn't alive.  But they don't get to decide that."  He gestured to the holograms.  "They were self-aware.  They expressed emotion.  They feared death.  And one of expressed grief when the other died.  All halmarks of sentient life."  He looked Livy square in the eyes.  "I don't know for certain that they were alive, but based on what I've seen I'm willing to bet that they were.  And until I'm 100% sure they weren't, that others like them aren't, I'm going to treat them as though they are."

**Billy Helps CosmosOfTheEndless** (2025-03-20 19:51:05):
“…..I can’t speak for truth. But I can share my opinion. I was taught this as a child, by the shamans of my home…and I’ve since learned it’s true. Artificial. Living. Born. Made. Whether our words are our own, or that of another. We’re all living in the end. All living in our own sense. We all live in our own worlds. And in that world, there’s always one truth. We’re alive. In our own way.”

**Revan | Anthony (not french) | SF Lysae Lysandra #4 MW** (2025-03-20 19:56:03):
“A computer program isn’t alive. At least it shouldn’t be. What we need to establish is whether these advertisement holograms were granted life by some event, or if something else was speaking through them. Something else that just came alive… and screamed.” Her eyes seem haunted by something as she finishes.

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-03-20 20:42:33):
"Lysae, I would agree that the probabilty is that something else was using them.  Jayson It is possible that they are sentient after all nothing in this universe is impossible.  However we do not have enough data at the moment.  If given a chance to parlay we can try.  However if guns are blazing it is survival first."

**Billy Helps CosmosOfTheEndless** (2025-03-20 21:46:06):
“I’m not ruling out possession myself. Seems likely.”

**Horia/Mike/Michael/Nem (Selenor) [Pathfinder]** (2025-03-20 21:47:07):
"It must have been the psychic scream!"

**Horia/Mike/Michael/Nem (Selenor) [Pathfinder]** (2025-03-20 21:48:11):
"That must be the reason why this AI went rogue
 I remember my master told me that the same scream awaken my soul when I was in the spirit realm!
It must have the same affect here too"

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-20 21:50:39):
"I'd like filled in on what this "psychic scream" is and what other dark forces are looming."

**Horia/Mike/Michael/Nem (Selenor) [Pathfinder]** (2025-03-20 21:52:12):
Roneles shrugs "Nobody knows what this is
It happened I think a week ago and people gained well new found powers  (dual class)"

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-20 21:54:13):
"How many people?  Everyone in this bunker, er, 'station'?"

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-03-20 21:57:47):
"I do not believe we could possibly answer how many were affected or why certain individuals were.  Not until we gain more information.."

**Horia/Mike/Michael/Nem (Selenor) [Pathfinder]** (2025-03-20 21:58:36):
"This is the second scream
We heard it when we went down the lift"

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-20 21:59:15):
Clank grips his head in his hand.  "The scale you're talking about is unfathomable.  What kind of power could create such an event?" You get the inkling that last question was rhetorical.

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-03-20 22:00:02):
"Chaos demons,  God Emperors,  oh you were not looking for an answer."

**Horia/Mike/Michael/Nem (Selenor) [Pathfinder]** (2025-03-20 22:01:02):
"I think it was either a mythic being or a god"

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-03-20 22:01:49):
((If no one has he will gather the monster parts))

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-20 22:36:31):
Clank sits down at one of the computer terminals.  "Well whatever caused it, right now we need to figure our next steps.  But before we do that, I'd like to try to understand these computer things.  Anyone mind giving me a crash course?"

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-03-20 22:39:05):
"That may take longer than a few moments.  However you can access the search engine features and type or if voice activated tell it what you are looking for and it will go and ogle or search it for you."

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-21 00:12:00):
Clank types (with one finger on each hand like someone who never learned to type) 'How to use a computer.'

**Billy Helps CosmosOfTheEndless** (2025-03-21 00:26:10):
“…want me to help out?”

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-21 00:30:27):
"Any help is appreciated.  I figure I need to get my head wrapped around the way this place works if I'm going to be able to weaponize it later.  My C.O. trained me to be able to weaponize anything, and I'm not about to let that trend slack."

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-21 00:35:07):
"I once weaponized my then staggering lack of understanding of wombborn mating rituals to interrogate a cult lieutenant; that and a bowl of sloppily-eaten stew had her singing like a canary just to get me to stop talking." He smiles bemusedly.  "I wonder what ever happened to ol' Loka.  And I wonder if she's twitching at my mentioning her name."

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-03-21 04:21:43):
"Unfortunately now again may not be the best time for you to learn how to use the info sphere.  It would almost be the same as trying to teach me to be a hawk eye sniper.  When we return to a more stable location.  Then I think we can enroll you into basic infosphere usage.  I think you can rely on the rest of us to cover this while we rely on your martial skills to protect us."

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-03-21 04:22:34):
@PathWars can we use the computer to find a map of where we are?

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-21 04:30:36):
And your normal com devices seem blocked by.... Something.

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-21 11:58:17):
"Fair enough.  Just let me take a peak inside the computer; professional curiosity."  He pulls out a knife, scootches down,  and begins using the tip to unscrew the cover.  "Words of wisdom: never go anywhere without a knife."  He pulls the cover off and looks inside.  "Hmph."  He studies it briefly.  "This kind of reminds me of the Lich King's Veil Constrictor," he pauses and looks back at you, "long story," then returns to studying the interior, "only miniaturized and with a lot more metal.  Etched metal sigils connecting larger components.  Too complex for me to study in detail right now, but still, I think i get the concept."  He pockets the knife and stand up.  "Right.  I'm ready when you all are.  Where to next?"

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-03-21 16:16:31):
Chua twitches as he sees clank leave the unit and quickly moves over and reassembles it.

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-03-21 21:24:31):
"Given it is closer,  I agree.  Let me finish screwing this back together."  He quickly works his nimble fingers doing what most may find hard to do with tools.

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-21 21:32:14):
Clank resumes his place, and stance, in the original marching order.

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-21 21:33:15):
Gun in one hand, buckler in the other.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-22 22:05:34):
So what's happening?

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-22 22:34:43):
Who goes first?

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-22 22:34:46):
The door is unlocked.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-22 22:45:12):
Roneles opens the door.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-22 22:45:21):
It is marked AREA 3.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-22 22:45:36):
The door then slams shut HARD onto Roneles.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-22 22:46:26):
Roneles fails, with a 9.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-22 22:47:23):
Roneles takes TWENTY ONE POINTS OF DAMAGE.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-22 22:48:08):
*[image]*

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-22 22:48:27):
The door's magnetic surge PULLS Roneles, who is dying, into the hot vent room.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-22 22:48:38):
The door slams shut and locks.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-22 22:48:45):
We are entering combat.

**Horia/Mike/Michael/Nem (Selenor) [Pathfinder]** (2025-03-22 22:49:11):
Rip?

**Horia/Mike/Michael/Nem (Selenor) [Pathfinder]** (2025-03-22 22:49:29):
L

**Horia/Mike/Michael/Nem (Selenor) [Pathfinder]** (2025-03-22 22:49:56):
@MrNegetZ  I need a new Selenor sorry I meant Roneles

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-22 22:52:58):
Actually this didn't happen.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-22 22:53:16):
Because Livy was searching.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-22 22:54:07):
So BEFORE you get crushed to death.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-22 22:54:12):
With a 25 in searching.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-22 22:54:25):
Livy notices that something strange is happening with the door's magnetism.

**Antoine / Anthony = Allisee** (2025-03-22 22:54:29):
"★WATCH OUT!!!★"

**Antoine / Anthony = Allisee** (2025-03-22 22:55:04):
"This door is ★SUS★!"

**Revan | Anthony (not french) | SF Lysae Lysandra #4 MW** (2025-03-22 23:04:10):
Lysae cautiously approaches the door. "Let me take a look at it's controls, see if we can't lock it open." She'll look for a computer or manual override.

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-03-23 00:23:58):
Livy I can provide an assist if you would like?

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-24 01:55:17):
What happens next? :)

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-24 01:55:40):
Roll computers Lysae.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-24 02:07:46):
The doors are set to be OPEN.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-24 02:07:56):
They can now no longer close, effectively jammed.

**Revan | Anthony (not french) | SF Lysae Lysandra #4 MW** (2025-03-24 02:17:14):
“Alright, doors are open. Good eye Livy.” Lysae steps back and resumes her overwatch position at the rear of the formation.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-24 02:51:35):
The room is full of steam and heat.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-24 02:51:39):
Please move yourself on the board.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-24 02:51:49):
*[image]*

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-25 09:05:09):
Anyone else doing anything?

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-03-25 12:34:03):
I believe we are waiting on the perception check.  Before we decide.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-25 13:28:33):
The floor is covered in explosive heat vents.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-25 13:28:53):
Crafting or Thievery to fix the vents (crafting) or jam them (thievery).

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-25 13:29:00):
Crafting is easier.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-25 13:29:10):
DC 13 vs DC 15.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-25 13:29:13):
4 vents.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-25 13:29:28):
Telling you the DC so you can roll all the checks needed.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-25 13:30:04):
However, to disable the vent, you need to touch the vent.

Going near the vents causes them to explode.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-25 13:34:00):
Fire / mechanical / trap.

**Revan | Anthony (not french) | SF Lysae Lysandra #4 MW** (2025-03-25 13:56:22):
Lysae will step forward. “I am trained in dealing with traps such as these. I should be able to disable them.”

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-03-25 14:46:31):
Chua | "We can work as a team unless you want to go it alone.  Being a mechanic i know how to repair, disable and bypass security systems as well."

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-25 14:53:28):
Clank comes forward to help Chua.

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-25 14:53:47):
*[image]*

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-03-25 14:57:14):
*[image]*

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-03-25 14:58:32):
Chua moves forward his fingers twitching as he walks closer to each vent and using his knowledge of repairing things.

**Revan | Anthony (not french) | SF Lysae Lysandra #4 MW** (2025-03-25 15:04:18):
“Excellent work Chua. Looks like you didn’t need my help after all.”

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-25 15:21:49):
"Are all space stations a collection of death traps or are we just fortunate to be in a particularly nasty one?"

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-03-25 15:37:53):
"Clank we are inside a metal block floating in a airless freezing void.  It is always a death trap.  You just learn to live with it."

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-25 18:01:38):
"As opposed to the alternative," Clank groans.

**Antoine / Anthony = Allisee** (2025-03-26 02:18:13):
Since the traps are done for we'll advance in the corridor?.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-27 09:12:39):
The artificial gravity turns off in the hallway for a moment.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-27 09:12:44):
Everyone rolls acrobatics.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-27 09:16:19):
Chua: 18.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-27 09:16:32):
Kessel: 2.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-27 09:16:44):
Roneles: 9.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-27 09:16:56):
Lysae: 13.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-27 09:17:09):
Kaeda: 25. NATURAL 20!

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-27 09:17:23):
Clank Ka-Boom: 22.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-27 09:17:34):
Super Idol Livy: 9.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-27 09:17:37):
DC = 10.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-27 09:18:10):
No damage on failure.
You are just prone.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-27 09:18:20):
The air gets knocked out of several of you.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-27 09:18:24):
AS this happens.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-27 09:18:50):
A snickering voice yells around the corner:
"HEHEHEHEHE.
IT IS ALIVE.

HAHAHAHAHA.
IT IS BORN."

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-27 09:18:56):
And a space GREMLIN appears!

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-27 09:19:41):
*[image]*

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-27 09:19:42):
COMBAT.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-27 09:20:32):
Gremlin initiative: 10.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-27 09:20:46):
Highest initiative: Lysae with 27!

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-27 09:21:36):
HOWEVER.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-27 09:21:42):
The Gremlin activates a lair action

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-27 09:22:02):
And the gravity of the corridor surges at one point creating a barrier.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-27 09:22:22):
*[image]*

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-27 09:22:30):
The barrier requires an athletics check to RIP down.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-27 09:22:36):
Ok combat starts.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-27 09:22:40):
Who goes first?

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-27 09:27:29):
The metal barrier is blocking your vision of Roneles and the Gremlin.

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-27 12:04:47):
Clank sheathes his buckler and then tries to take the barrier down.

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-27 12:05:26):
*[image]* Once the barrier is out of the way he daws his plasma rapier.  "Let's try to take this thing alive, ok?  I have questions for them."

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-03-27 12:43:24):
@PathWars Note (chua has a nimble tail, so I am not affect by offguard or clumsy in zero G. and I can use my tail to push off in zero-g)

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-27 13:18:21):
You spring to your feet!

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-30 03:11:04):
The wall is removed.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-30 03:11:05):
@MrNegetZ

**Antoine / Anthony = Allisee** (2025-03-30 03:11:47):
@Revan1734

**Revan | Anthony (not french) | SF Lysae Lysandra #4 MW** (2025-03-30 03:18:22):
Lysae takes careful aim, finding a perfect shooting lane to the gremlin through all her companions (aim reduces cover by 1) and takes the shot.

**Revan | Anthony (not french) | SF Lysae Lysandra #4 MW** (2025-03-30 03:18:25):
*[image]*

**Revan | Anthony (not french) | SF Lysae Lysandra #4 MW** (2025-03-30 03:18:36):
*[image]*

**Revan | Anthony (not french) | SF Lysae Lysandra #4 MW** (2025-03-30 03:19:03):
She then grabs a loose wall panel, moving it between her and the creature.

**Revan | Anthony (not french) | SF Lysae Lysandra #4 MW** (2025-03-30 03:27:11):
Lysae moves the wall paneling aside, then shrugs. "Oops," she says, but she doesn't seem particularly sorry. She then starts to reload the rifle.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-30 03:31:01):
*[image]*

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-30 03:31:06):
Loot in chest.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-30 08:28:46):
Ai hologram monster parts, negligible bulk. 

18 x 2.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-30 08:30:09):
*[image]*

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-30 08:49:29):
Sorry, only one is worth 18, the other is worth 3.5 GP.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-30 08:51:00):
*[image]*

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-03-30 08:51:02):
^ Corrected.

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-03-30 16:53:46):
((that is the previous ones I said i was picking up as wel?l)

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-30 23:05:14):
Clank's arms drop to his side as he stares at the  puddle of goo that used to be the gremlin.  "OoooKAY."  He looks sternly back at Lysae. "You all really have a strange understanding of what 'Alive' means."  He gestures at the puddle.  "How, exactly, am I supposed to question that?"

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-03-31 01:10:36):
"Clank, ultimately if we wany intell it will be in the computers on this ship.  Besides what would we do with them after you were done questioning?"

**Jayson Jolin** (2025-03-31 19:02:41):
"I have over eleven hundred years of experience...that I know of...and while this new body is way diminished from what I had before and while I defer to your experience on the terrain and the tech, the fact remains that wars don't stop until people stop warring.  Yeah, we have to fight if we find ourselves in a fight, but I've seen whole battalians grind to a halt in the middle of a fight because someone ran out into the fray and yelled 'Stop!'  When we can, whenever we can, we should try to talk our way out of a fight.  Maybe that gremlin was irredemable, or a zealot, and maybe he would have told us nothing.  But maybe they're press-ganed into the fight, or can be reasoned with, or at leaks know something.   Besides, we can't trust that the comupters will have the answers, or that they won't be falsified, and I for one would like independent corroboration of what we do find.  And as for what we do with them afterwards, we treat any POW the same; we either take them with us if it is safe and useful to do so or we secure them in a safe place until we can secure the station and deal with them more officially.  All I'm asking is that we defer to sparing lives when we can.  I've got enough blood on my hands from the countless battles I was forced to fight.  If it is at all possible, I'd like to avoid adding to my kill count."

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2025-03-31 21:57:41):
Ok I get it you're a lifer who hates war.  However we are in an environment in which everything is dangerous.  We cannot stand around hoping whatever we run across wants to sit down for tea and crumpets.  If an entity wants to approach in peace then we should respond in peace.  If an entity proposes hostility first than hostility is what it gets in kind.

