# Hopeful End-Times — 2025-01

*PBP transcript archived by PathWarsNudge bot.*

---

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-01-02 16:37:54):
The vesk continues to wait.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-01-04 07:57:51):
Julzakama awaits in the crowd in the bar.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-01-16 10:51:43):
Julzakama continues to await in the crowd in the bar.

**Horia/Mike/Michael/Nem (Selenor) [Pathfinder]** (2025-01-20 21:25:09):
Roneles approaches the bar and tries to fiend an available sit

**Horia/Mike/Michael/Nem (Selenor) [Pathfinder]** (2025-01-21 12:17:20):
Roneles looks at the bouncer as if he was tortured by Zon-Khuton himself then he turns to Livy "I am pretty sure I was on my break.... and last time I heard you were preparing for your show. Why did you follow me?"

**Horia/Mike/Michael/Nem (Selenor) [Pathfinder]** (2025-01-21 12:23:37):
"Gods above and from beyond what did I do to deserve this fate?!"

**JB Ram | Kaeda Starfinder** (2025-01-21 17:14:20):
A tall lashunta figure can be seen nearby, her eyes wide as she stares at all the flashing lights and open bars. At the word "idol," her antennae twitch slightly in the direction of the duo facing off with the vesk bouncer. The lashunta approaches the trio, clears her throat quietly, and offers a cheerful smile. "Hello! Did you say you are performing a concert? Maybe I can help! I was just told to come here for an odd job, but musical performances are way more my style."

**Horia/Mike/Michael/Nem (Selenor) [Pathfinder]** (2025-01-21 17:40:54):
Roneles stares at you with a look of horror and whispers to himself " Oh no another one of those 'idols'" then he clears his throat and says "Hi, uhhh yeah Livy here is an idol. She is my boss
My name is Roneles nice to meet you"

**JB Ram | Kaeda Starfinder** (2025-01-22 19:12:09):
The girl looked down at her hand as the self-proclaimed idol grabbed it, then back at this 'Livy' figure. She hadn't heard of Livy yet, but that was to be expected. "No, not an idol," she replied, her smile broadening. "Just someone who loves music. My name is Kaeda, and yes, you could find me easily on the infosphere. It so happens that I'm looking to broaden my network right now, and I'd be willing to help you out! I can do backing vocals, or play an instrument, or whatever you need!" 

Without withdrawing her hand from Livy's grasp, Kaeda hummed a single clear note, then twirled her free hand in the air, tracing a shape reminiscent of an hourglass figure. A sleek black electric violin appeared, coalescing from the mists about her, and she held it up for Livy to inspect. "I could summon just about any instrument you need, if it fits in my hands."

**Horia/Mike/Michael/Nem (Selenor) [Pathfinder]** (2025-01-22 22:58:27):
Roneles just stands there having no clue what "infosphere" and simply says "yeah... uhh.. sure"

**Revan | Anthony (not french) | SF Lysae Lysandra #4 MW** (2025-01-23 02:00:42):
A slender figure slips out of the shadows and moves towards the door. She wears armor of a dark red and gold that almost seems like a uniform in appearance, though it bears no formal insignia, just the symbol of Iomedae on one shoulder. A large rifle is slung across her back. 

She approaches the vesk bouncer at the door, ignoring the three figures talking outside. “Excuse me sir,” she asks the bouncer softly and politely, “I was asked to meet someone here. Is this the sort of establishment that allows weapons, or should I leave this here with you?”

**Revan | Anthony (not french) | SF Lysae Lysandra #4 MW** (2025-01-23 17:28:08):
She nods. “Appreciated.” As she starts to go inside, she stops, turning back to the vesk. “The ad didn’t have a picture of my potential employer,” she explains. “Any chance you know a Julzakama?”

**JB Ram | Kaeda Starfinder** (2025-01-24 15:38:41):
As Livy begins to key in her searches, Kaeda's antennae twitch at a new recognized sound. "Did that lady just say 'Julzakama'?" she asked, turning to look for the source of the sound. "Hold on, I'll be right back," she added to the ★ Super Idol DJ ★ and her ★(?) Bodyguard ★. Noticing the woman talking to the bouncer, she hopped the handful of steps over to the duo. "Hey, you were looking for Julz?" she asked. "I was too! I wonder if we'll be working together! The name's Kaeda! What's yours?"

**Revan | Anthony (not french) | SF Lysae Lysandra #4 MW** (2025-01-24 15:51:03):
The woman turns around to scrutinize Kaeda. At first glance, she would appear to be undead, with that grey skin and those flat eyes, but after a few moments, Kaeda probably realizes she's looking at a fetchling. She looks Kaeda up and down, focusing on the spear and shield. "I'm Lysae. Do you actually know how to use that spear Kaeda?"

**JB Ram | Kaeda Starfinder** (2025-01-24 15:57:06):
Kaeda nodded, placing a hand lovingly on the haft of the spear. "I certainly can. I was trained by one of the best! But I've been advised to avoid showing it off on crowded streets. Plus, my goal is to avoid needing to use it! If I can't talk 'em down, though, it's a good backup." A gentle tap on the haft sends the hint of a quiet tone humming from its reverberations. "And, it turns an ugly fight into something beautiful, too, and who wouldn't want that?"

**Revan | Anthony (not french) | SF Lysae Lysandra #4 MW** (2025-01-24 15:59:42):
Lysae nods. "Glad to hear it." She turns back to the bouncer, giving him a thankful nod, and then moves forward into the bar.

**Antoine / Anthony = Allisee** (2025-01-24 19:09:01):
So with your society roll @Jbram_2002 .
On top of what i already explained to Revan .
According to fan biography pages Livy is a very recently awakened android, of course the android's creation is way earlier in time but it says Livy is apparently around 20 years old(or awakened around 20 years ago) which you would assume to be that the body has undergone renewal in the last 20 years(that means the soul changed).
It also says before starting her career she worked different small jobs apparently to try and save up money for her debut and that she always had a "passion" for music.
Other than that you don't find anything more with your roll.

**JB Ram | Kaeda Starfinder** (2025-01-24 19:21:21):
As Lysae and Livy seemed preoccupied with each other for the moment, Kaeda took the opportunity to input the ★Super Funtime Idol DJ Person★ into her infosphere search, and to add her as a contact. Without missing a beat, she turned to Roneles and smiled. "Bodyguards are incredibly useful in this line of work! I wish I had one as helpful as you are." 

Seeing the other two begin to turn their attentions towards the door to the bar, Kaeda piped up. "Hey, I know we just met, but if you don't mind, would you give me a minute just to look over the guy before we talk to him? I might pick up something useful.... you see, I have a talent for reading people." 

((Intent: Using Size Up on Julz to add him as an Asset. Requires 1 minute of observation))

**Revan | Anthony (not french) | SF Lysae Lysandra #4 MW** (2025-01-24 19:41:29):
Lysae nods. "It's a good idea to see if our would-be employer is trying to hide anything. The bouncer says he's in the furthest stall past the bar."

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-01-25 14:04:04):
The bouncer will ask the group as you talk amongst yourselves:
"IDs, IDs, show me your IDs and you can call come in."

**Horia/Mike/Michael/Nem (Selenor) [Pathfinder]** (2025-01-25 14:31:17):
"Well... by Eox standards I would be property until my creator would consider me a person and then issue me an..... id and proof that I am an individual."

**Horia/Mike/Michael/Nem (Selenor) [Pathfinder]** (2025-01-25 14:32:10):
"Let's just say I didn't leave Eox with my creator permission hence why I don't even have one of those weird devices that you use to connect to the info thing"

**JB Ram | Kaeda Starfinder** (2025-01-25 15:54:37):
Kaeda listened to the exchange with rapt attention before retrieving her Order-issued ID and showing the bouncer. "This might be the first time I've been carded," she said with a giggle. "But I'm more than happy to acquiesce." She positioned herself opposite of Livy and mirrored the puppy-dog look. "You'll be a good boy and let us in now, right? I don't think you would want to keep Julz waiting."

**JB Ram | Kaeda Starfinder** (2025-01-28 14:27:41):
Kaeda flashes a winning smile back at the bouncer. "It's just a harmless violin. I wouldn't hurt a fly. Unless it said please." She winks at the vesk, sending a subtle message via telepathy of *and I like hearing a good boy beg.* Kaeda switches back to audible speech before continuing:  "But I understand. I won't do it again. I'd hate for you to have to swoop me off my feet and remove me."

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-01-29 22:53:59):
What happens next? :)

**JB Ram | Kaeda Starfinder** (2025-01-30 05:46:02):
Kaeda follows the group inside, then notices the pending message. With a smirk, she silently accepts the friend request and sends along an image with a heart emoji. It was a simple image with a simple pose of her standing over top of the camera dressed in knee-length boots with heels, a thin black tube top, and a black miniskirt, her foot appearing as if it is about to stomp down on the camera, and her singing spear pointed towards her subject menacingly while she smirked down. "Annnd send," she whispered to herself before noticing where her new allies were being pointed toward. 

Drugs, sex, and good music. The hallmarks of any good vesk bar, and this seemed like one of the more fun options. And maybe more likely to get one's head taken off with a stray scattergun blast. But the danger made it more fun too. She examined the vesk at the back table, trying to size him up to see what she could glean despite her inopportune vantage point. Obviously the man liked his drugs and women, and being situated in the back of a seedy bar gave him the air of a wannabe gangster. But how much of that was legitimate, and how much was pompous posturing? 

"Hey guys," she said to her new allies in a low voice. "I'm gonna have to get closer if I want a good look. I can't size him up from way over here." She motioned for the group to follow as she sidled along, keeping an eye on the vesk in the corner until she got a better view on him.

((Using: Size Up. Adding the family Julz to my Asset list with 1 minute of observation.))

**Horia/Mike/Michael/Nem (Selenor) [Pathfinder]** (2025-01-30 10:10:19):
Roneles on the other hand finds this place uncomfortable and you can see him having his hands on his weapons. "This place is so chaotic and loud and ..... and dirty!"

**Path Wars** [GM] (2025-01-30 12:21:58):
The turtle folk says nothing, continuing to smoke his cigar heavily.

**Revan | Anthony (not french) | SF Lysae Lysandra #4 MW** (2025-01-30 13:04:58):
Lysae looks around for a dimly lit spot where she can lurk and watch the proceedings at the booth while hidden. “Let’s let Kaeda handle the negotiations. I’ll cover her from over there in case things go awry.”

**Revan | Anthony (not french) | SF Lysae Lysandra #4 MW** (2025-01-30 13:07:20):
“No. If I had tried to shoot you, you’d be dead.” Lysae sizes you up again. “Or at least dying. You look pretty tough.”

**JB Ram | Kaeda Starfinder** (2025-01-30 13:35:35):
As Kaeda felt herself lifted into the air, her first instinct was to struggle. With some effort, she resisted that urge, realizing that, in this kind of place, it might cause significantly more harm than good. She still had her violin and could wait until they were alone to begin an earnest struggle, if that's what her assailant was after.

Preferably, her new friends would have deigned to join and provide backup, but why should se have expected any sort of loyalty. After all, they had just met. She had only exchanged socials with one of them. *If I die, I'm totally denying your friend request,* she thought to herself.

Fortunately, she found herself in a spotlight more her style. Plopped unceremoniously before a wannabe crime boss was not her intended introduction, but it was the one she had. She looked up at the strong arms that had deposited her in this seat, said "thanks for the lift!" with a flirtatious wink, then turned her attention on the new asset.

There were two ways to handle someone in this situation. Option A: grovel. Julz obviously thought himself hot shit, and anyone who was under his thumb should have unquestioning undeniable loyalty. Pandering, squabbling over his leavings, expounding upon sycophantic fantasies of exuberant worship at his feet... it was an easy option, and could always be a backup plan. But that wasn't Kaeda's style.

Option B. Game recognizes game. Strength rewards strength. Kaeda leaned back in the booth, her gaze lazily drifting over the scantily-clad women, not bothering to hide feelings of lust in her eyes. "You posted a job, so I came," she said calmly, her gaze settling on Julz again, her posture effortlessly relaxed. She barely even acknowledged when Livy approached, keeping her gaze on the vesk in front of her.

A dance like this hung upon a razor's wire. Each tiny movement of her body was calculated. Each shift of her weight designed to draw attention to the right places, even the tone of her voice was pitched lower to be more pleasing to the gruff vesk. On one side of the wire was a future containing her goals, her pride, her dignity. On the other, a ditch where she lost it all. 

"Impressive place," she added, her tone weighted as admiring, but not fawning. "You've built yourself quite the kingdom here. I want to help you profit. Your posting was a tantalizing first offer. Let's hear the details of the job, and then I can work my magic for you." An eyebrow raised ever so slightly, hinting at a wide potential of future opportunities of any sort he may desire.

