# Riddleport — 2024-12

*PBP transcript archived by PathWarsNudge bot.*

---

**Path Wars** [GM] (2024-12-20 18:01:07):
You manifest in the past.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2024-12-20 18:01:57):
The year is 4669.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2024-12-20 18:02:29):
@Nemesiux 
@MrNegetZ 
@PathWars 
@Mossssssssssssssssssssssssss 

You awaken in a sewer pipe.
Please make level 2 characters.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2024-12-20 18:14:19):
The Rune Wheel has empowered you: DUAL CLASS!

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2024-12-20 23:12:10):
Does the rune wheel perhaps mayhaps give us mythic features too?

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2024-12-20 23:19:56):
And to what extent do we build backstories? You said that this process, the runewheel allows us to choose who we are in this exploratory past time line. How far are we taking that?

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2024-12-20 23:24:13):
(putting these here since technically we haven't started the pbp yet, and it's important for everyone to know)

**Antoine / Anthony = Allisee** (2024-12-21 16:21:12):
@PathWars Can we use the current Playtest classes(necromancer and runesmith)??

**Antoine / Anthony = Allisee** (2024-12-21 16:41:38):
(They should have a bit of foundry automation maybe since they work fast)

**Antoine / Anthony = Allisee** (2024-12-21 17:56:10):
100% enable it I'm making a runesmith right NOW

**Antoine / Anthony = Allisee** (2024-12-21 18:04:30):
https://foundryvtt.com/packages/pf2e-playtest-data
Link BTW

**Antoine / Anthony = Allisee** (2024-12-21 18:04:37):
You can find the foundry module

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2024-12-21 18:35:15):
Carnon is going to be a Leshy Fighter / Animist, with some lore master on the side. I think I'll mostly be frontlining / support.

**Antoine / Anthony = Allisee** (2024-12-21 18:37:00):
I'll be either wizzard/runesmith or Magus/runesmith

**Antoine / Anthony = Allisee** (2024-12-21 18:37:07):
Prob

**Horia/Mike/Michael/Nem (Selenor) [Pathfinder]** (2024-12-21 18:37:23):
Fighter/champ

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2024-12-23 00:31:29):
What do our characters know? Does my leshy know they are a puppet controlled by something beyond them? Or once Carnon is looking through the leshies eyes, he forgets what Carnon is until they return?

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2024-12-23 00:44:01):
Is there any time dilation? How long can Carnon be leshy before 1 hour passes for Carnon? Can Carnon be a leshy as they take a long rest?

**Path Wars** [GM] (2024-12-23 14:52:39):
Well like I said very very little time will pass when yous are "in riddle port"

**Antoine / Anthony = Allisee** (2024-12-23 14:53:29):
Like a day in ridleport is actually only 5 min or something ?

**Path Wars** [GM] (2024-12-23 14:53:59):
Even then, nah not really

**Path Wars** [GM] (2024-12-23 14:54:38):
Like characters may notice you time projecting but that's more to do with you mediation for several seconds.

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2024-12-23 16:33:30):
And my first few questions? Is leshy aware that Carnon is puppeting it? 

Is leshy just an empty vessel? 

As leshy, can Carnon apply the knowledge Carnon already possess? 

What are the mechanics of this timey wimey runewheel?

**Path Wars** [GM] (2024-12-23 16:35:57):
- Is leshy just an empty vessel? 
Sort of? Not really?
You are the leshy.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2024-12-23 16:36:10):
- As leshy, can Carnon apply the knowledge Carnon already possess? 

Yes, you are the leshy.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2024-12-23 16:36:27):
- What are the mechanics of this timey wimey runewheel?

Could you be a bit more specific ?

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2024-12-23 16:40:58):
Good to know

**Path Wars** [GM] (2024-12-23 16:41:51):
Hopefully that makes sense :' )

**Path Wars** [GM] (2024-12-26 20:47:51):
Anything else?

**Path Wars** [GM] (2024-12-27 02:45:08):
< START OF CAMPAIGN >

**Path Wars** [GM] (2024-12-27 03:03:42):
You lot find yourselves at the intersection of a sewer.
You are each laying on piles of shit.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2024-12-27 03:03:46):
What happens next? :)

**Horia/Mike/Michael/Nem (Selenor) [Pathfinder]** (2024-12-28 12:54:38):
After Selenor leaves the harrow, he proceeds to connect his mind to the runewheel and weave into existence a bing of his own design. A being to reflect his scars, his anger, sadness and raw strength. This being will be his fighter and champion and he shall weave the same sigil on his chest on to her back

**Horia/Mike/Michael/Nem (Selenor) [Pathfinder]** (2024-12-28 12:54:38):
She shall know no fear or pain. She will be his will manifested in this time facture. His hollow hunger demands more divine sparks which each day as such her name shall be Necrila, daughter of the chronicler

**Horia/Mike/Michael/Nem (Selenor) [Pathfinder]** (2024-12-28 12:54:38):
She shall have 4 directives: save the past, protect Cardigan, feed her father divine sparks and protect the green/gray flame families

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2024-12-28 15:45:56):
Carnon connects their consciousness to the runewheel. They think about who would be needed to accomplish this task, and consider someone strong. The runewheel shifts to show Carnon brutal barbarians who grind their enemies into dust. This is not someone who Carnon wants to be, Carnon wants to be kind. The runewheel senses this, and the image shifts to that of a small girl, feeding a scragy cat. 

The runewheel senses Carnons hesitance, and pulls back. Carnons needs someone kind. Someone strong of might and mind. Someone who will help Carnon learns who they need to become. Carnon thinks of the seal underground, and to the leshi. The image shifts. 

A leshy. Tall spindly with large blue eye almost reminiscing a lake. He wields a large stick as their back is to a wolf. The wolf's leg is lodged in a bear trap. It is bleeding and trashing. The leshy is fighting some poachers, or perhaps hunters? He takes several dagger cuts to himself, but manages to scare off the attackers. He drops the stick, and shifts his focus to the wolf. He is calming, and gentle, and takes his time to gain the wolves trust. The leshy is able to remove the trap. Before the wolf leaves, the leshy reaches into their form, and pulls out a fruit the size of a plum. He offers it to the wolf, who eats the fruit and stops limping. 

Carnon accepts this form. Someone strong, someone kind, someone who will do what is right, and Sinhow wakes up in a pile of shit.

**Antoine / Anthony = Allisee** (2024-12-31 15:11:17):
Alissee connects to the runewheel.

She thinks about who would be best to be here. Someone trustworthy but also someone powerfull enough.
Her first though go to people of her family. Yubis in particular. But she decides against it as it would be akward especially for Cardigan. She then thinks of her father, he did have some "aventures" when he was young after all, but she also dissmisses the idea for .... reasons.
She then remembers somebody. Somebody who she has great respect for.   

Professor Filiaur Bluestar was Teaching about Magical crafting and Runes back in the days at the Eastern Front Academy. She was apparently a pretty renowned person especially in rune research and also for the fact that she invented multiple magical items.  Prof Bluestar didn't talk too much about how she ended up teaching at the Eastern Front Academy despite her accomplishments , what Alissee managed to figure out is that she wasn't in great terms with her Family for some reasons, she also found out Prof. Bluestar's Grandfather apparently was also a very prominent person in the magical world and that she coincidentally also had a younger sister although she didn't find any more details about that since the professor didn't talk a lot about themselves.

She remember the Profesor's signature Olive green robe/dress(she isn't sure what it would be categorized at exacly) adorned with black fur (or were they feathers) at the neck and wrists. Her short mahogany red hair that would be blending in with her eyes if it wasn't for the Glasses she always wore.

Filiaur Bluestar awakens in a pile of shit... Stands up and casts prestidigitation to clean herself off.

